	62
 30 years — wrote.	1
 Blogger, The Recessionista	13
 Brenda Della Casa is a Writer, Digital Media Expert and Autho...	6
 Business advisor, author & commentator.	3
 Co-Founder and Editor of www.Gastronomista.com	1
 Educational, College & International Consultant, Writer, Spea...	1
 Fashion Publicist, DJ Darling	3
 Feminist Author, Artist and Political Activist	6
 Feminist. Wife. Mama. Story-Sharer. Writer. Tedx Speaker.	1
 Founder and CEO at The Institute for InterGroup Understanding	1
 Founder of the animal advocacy nonprofit DawnWatch, and autho...	1
 Freelance Writer, Public Speaker, and Infertility Advocate	1
 Global nomads & travel writers	4
 Health and Environment Educator and CEO Pilladvised.com	5
 Health and Media Communications Strategist, Writer, Certified...	2
 Is on a journey inward to try and live from an understanding ...	5
 Martial Arts World Champion, Author, Entrepreneur, TV & Radio...	1
 Singer and songwriter	1
 Woman's Small Business Mentor, Small Business Success Mentor,...	1
 Writer, Book Lover and Advertising Account Manager	1
 elections aren’t everything.	1
 idiosyncrasies of our day-to-day lives,” Huda Fahmy said.	1
 including with a power line or oil rig -- will no longer violate federal law, the Interior Department said in a ruling.	1
 literally lost his job for taking a knee, week after week, on his own," she wrote.	1
 unless you mean to.	1
 — we are berated and criticized and blamed.”	1
"A Modern Day Renaissance Man" (- St. Martin's Press). Artist,...	1
"Bad Behavior" and "Veronica" about love, sex and womanhood.	1
"Don't make any sudden moves"	1
"I Never Signed Up for This..." Author, Artist, Speaker, Survi...	3
"I can't bring myself to watch it," I answered.	1
"It feels like a rollercoaster and you're going to get to the end of the line, it's going to feel like it's closed, or you're not tall enough," said Ben Moore.	1
"No, you are."	1
"Put your hands in the air"	1
"Resist and you will loose"	1
"Would you like to get a free keratin treatment?"	1
"Yes," I answer hesitantly, wondering what he has in mind.	1
"Yes," I smiled, "He's a big boy!" She replied, "Such a cute little thug." My son is 2 years old.	1
"final straw" was Trump's decision to add Steve Bannon to the National Security Council.	1
#1 Bestselling Author; Founder, AskaLoanModGuru.com	11
#1 New York Times Bestselling author, family physician special...	2
#IAmAPreExistingCondition."	1
#NoBanNoWall"	1
'Billboard' Top 20 recording artist, TV actor, songwriter, DJ,...	1
'Body Intelligence - Harness Your Body's Energies for Your Bes...	10
'Practicing Peace' (www.dougbinzak.com), Office Yoga Constulta...	13
'The Baby Nurturer'	1
'The World's Fittest Man'	1
'Time' columnist	1
(insert clever explanation of yourself)	1
*	1
.	6
/If I'm not wiping poop I'm giving boob.	1
15 year old battling cancer for the third time	1
16-year-old pop star from Scotland	1
17 and Baking	1
17th Surgeon General of the United States; President, Canyon R...	2
19-year-old Syracuse University student	1
28-year-old cancer survivor	2
2Sense-LA.com	1
3-time cancer survivor; Founder, Cuck Fancer.	3
30 working moms juggling motherhood and a career	23
30-Day Walk in Paris	1
5 time Emmy Award winning writer-director	1
5'11"	1
6-year NFL veteran, writer, director	1
86400movement.com	1
88-year-old poet	1
A 14 time Emmy nominee and host of Be Less Stupid	8
A 28 year old writer, feminist, body lover, mental health advo...	1
A Chicago-based writer and teacher	2
A Harvard Medical School-affiliated psychotherapist and author...	15
A Molecular Biologist, Researcher & Educator, and Former Scien...	1
A Non-Diet Registered Dietitian and a Health at Every Size® pr...	4
A Social Business Psychologist & Top Thought Leader on LinkedI...	1
A Travel Writer.	1
A beautiful way to tell stories about places.	1
A citizen of the world who likes to write about one-of-a-kind ...	3
A civil trial lawyer. I get to fight bullies every day.	2
A community of women who talk money	1
A craft expert and lifestyles guru who appears as a judge on T...	1
A domestic-relations lawyer for 20 years and a domestic-relati...	1
A faith-based, tax-paying, America-loving political humorist a...	1
A geek with a hat; Programmer, Entrepreneur	1
A global Internet media company and trusted publisher of trave...	70
A global journalism incubator	2
A heart of darkness.	1
A jet-setting, luxury-seeking journalist with a penchant for a...	1
A leading expert on flourishing with diabetes and an internati...	28
A man with an opinion	17
A modern-day witch with a passion for spiritual growth, travel...	3
A mother of two attempting to maintain (or regain?) sanity.	15
A multipotentialite at the intersection of product, marketing ...	2
A next-generation real estate brokerage	6
A one-stop indie travel guide, founded in 1998	18
A pioneer on the digital frontier :: content creator and socia...	3
A place for sharing 3 minute stories	3
A place where you can find daily visual inspiration from aroun...	7
A resource that strives to educate readers about how to better...	2
A sociocultural writer and thinker keeping it vibrant and spic...	1
A strategic communications consultant	1
A time of year good for photographers to avoid those unsightly tourists that invade a viewfinder during picture taking or worse not seen until the proofs appear on screen.	1
A travel-writing team whose interests span the globe.	1
A walker in the city.	2
A writer for all things life and culture	2
A writer on the endless quest for wisdom, transcendence, and h...	5
ABC's 'Extreme Weight Loss'	2
ABHRS-certified Hair Transplant Surgeon and New Treatment Pioneer	1
ACE Certified Trainer, Doctorate Of Naturopathy	6
AKA Common Sense Dad - Blogger, Author "Raising Children That ...	9
ALA President	1
AOL Ad Sales Director Turned World Traveler	2
AOL Homepage Editor	1
AOL’s Digital Prophet	1
ARTS	1509
ARTS & CULTURE	1339
ARVD/C Youth Society	3
AYA Cancer/Caregiver Advocate	5
Abbot, Upaya Zen Center	1
Academic General Internist, Writer	2
Academic Physician and Pharmaceutical Executive	2
Academic, Author, and International Affairs Columnist	1
Academy Award-winning producer and writer	1
Accessories editor, Seventeen Magazine	3
Accidental Seeker, Traveler, and Writer	2
Acclaimed hair and makeup artist	1
Acclaimed writer, activist, and gender pioneer	1
According to the Associated Press, the island group filed suit in late April against each of the nine nuclear-armed powers in the International Court of Justice in The Hague, Netherlands.	1
According to university documents, Zachary's case took seven months. In another case from 2014, a transgender Columbia sophomore said xe* waited over six months for the investigation to be resolved. And, Sarah, a rising senior, filed two sexual assault cases in 2013. One took four months to resolve; the other took six.	1
Acting President, GLAAD	1
Activator, Author & Speaker. President of the Desmond Tutu Pea...	10
Activist	1
Activist and Consultant	1
Activist and Writer from Chicago	1
Activist, Advocate and Author.	4
Activist, Artist, Author, Founder of iGiveTrees.com	1
Activist, Author, TEDx Speaker, Executive Coach for Women and ...	3
Activist, Speaker, Author, Pastor	3
Activist, blogger	1
Activist, filmmaker, talk radio host KNSJ 89.1 FM, freelance w...	2
Activist, founder of Pussy Riot	1
Activist/Organizer, Social Entrepreneur, Journalist	2
Actor	1
Actor and Filmmaker	1
Actor and author	5
Actor, Author, Acting Coach	1
Actor, Director, Co-founder of Reading Rainbow	1
Actor, Southerner, Mom to Hilarious Toddler	9
Actor, Writer, Firefighter, Dad	1
Actor, Writer, Mediocre CrossFitter, Host of "Yesterday Today"...	4
Actor, comedian, writer	3
Actor, designer, foodie and former 'porn star' (as 'Johnny Haz...	1
Actor, filmmaker	1
Actor, human rights advocate, and founder, FuelChange.net	1
Actor, musician and author	2
Actor, writer and vlogger	1
Actor, writer, producer, comedian and internet troll	1
Actor, writer, producer, director	3
Actor; Founder, Crowdrise	1
Actress	10
Actress and Author	1
Actress and Founder of The Inner Fitness Project	1
Actress and Freelance Writer	1
Actress and author	1
Actress and children's book author	2
Actress and playwright	1
Actress, 'The Secret Life of the American Teenager'	1
Actress, Albanian citizen	1
Actress, Author	1
Actress, Model, Author and Host of 'A Healthy You and Carol Alt'	1
Actress, Mom, Wife, Entrepreneur, Author, Photographer	1
Actress, author	1
Actress, author and activist	1
Actress, comedian, author	1
Actress, founding member of MOMENTUM	1
Actress; Writer; TV and Radio Host	2
Acupuncturist With a Neuroscience Education	7
Acupuncturist, Certified Detox Specialist, Traditional Chinese...	1
Acupuncturist, Spiritual Counselor	2
Addiction & Recovery Blogger	5
Addiction expert	19
Adjunct Assistant Professor, NYU's Center for Global Affairs	1
Adjunct Associate Professor, Columbia University	14
Adjunct Faculty at Harvard University and The University of Ch...	1
Adjunct Faculty, Fordham graduate School of Education; Retired...	1
Adjunct Professor of Political Communication	1
Adjunct Professor, University of North Carolina School of Medi...	1
Adjunct professor Columbia Law School and CEO Galileo Global A...	3
Administrator of NASA	1
Advancing Knowledge, Solving Human Problems	5
Adventure & Impact Writer	1
Adventure Capitalist. Photographer. Writer. Monkey Connoisseur...	3
Adventure Filmmaker/Social entrepreneur, Founder of FindingLife	1
Adventure Speaker and author of "Daunted Courage: A Family's B...	4
Adventure Travel & Wine Journalist ~ Specialty: "Detox to Retox"	6
Adventure Travel Company in the Dolomites	16
Adventure hiker and amateur photographer blended with a bit of...	6
Adventure philanthropist	2
Adventure travel and new media junkie. In my spare time I'm th...	19
Adventure travel entrepreneur and occasional travel writer	2
Adventurer	7
Adversity and diversity author	1
Advertising copywriter, creative director, novelist, political...	2
Advertising creative director and personal essay writer.	1
Advertising expert	1
Advertising technology sales executive	1
Advice Columnist	2
Advisor & Research Director, Coalition for a Prosperous America	1
Advisor | Social Impact	1
Advisor, GetEQUAL.org	1
Advocacy and Communications Coordinator for the North Carolina...	6
Advocate	2
Advocate for all things Good, Green, Gender; for Culture and S...	5
Advocate for justice, ecumenist, grassroots organizer	8
Advocate, Activist, Author	11
Advocate, Raise Your Hand Coalition	1
Aesthetician, Makeup Artist	1
Africa travel expert	1
After having been given two live I have been living with stage...	1
After supper, we stay sitting around the table and chat for a while. Which is nice, right? Nice, normal family, chatting about nice, normal things.	1
Agent Provocateur	1
Airbrush MAC makeup artist	1
Airline passenger rights advocate.	5
Airline worker	1
Alaska's best news and opinion	3
Alexandra Harra is a best-selling author, professional writer,...	4
Alissa Fleck is a reporter based in New York City.	3
All things Community, Home, Style and Story.	1
All things food and drink	180
Allen Frances MD is Professor Emeritus of Psychiatry and forme...	21
Allow me to explain.	1
Allure Magazine	1
Ally Bank President, Consumer and Commercial Banking Products	1
Alumni Leadership Council, The SAMFund; Cancer survivor	4
Alumni relations & development professional; Travel writer	2
Amateur stand up comedian, blogger, and stay-at-home dad	1
AmazingRibs.com, Barbecue Whisperer, Hedonism Evangelist, Omni...	12
Amazon Consultant - Entrepreneur - Writer - Filmmaker	3
Amazon.com; Founder, Clipboard+	1
Ambassador of Happiness(R)	9
Ambassador, Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation	1
America's Eating Strategist & Author of The 1:1:1: Diet (Rodal...	2
America's Youngest Weekly Columnist	6
America's first and best mag devoted to the love of cheese	2
America's most revered fitness expert	1
American College Personnel Association Executive Director	2
American College of Emergency Physicians	6
American Contributor	1
American Fashion Designer	1
American Journalist based in Japan.	16
American Lama	3
American Travel Writer in Europe	5
American Video and Performance Artist	2
American blogger based in London	9
American bobsledder	1
American journalist in Tokyo	1
American journalist living in Florence, Italy	2
American studying abroad & Dutch journalist	1
American-Israeli traveling through the Middle East and Asia	6
Americas Vice Chair, People, Ernst & Young Organization	1
Amy writes embarrassing stories about her family and herself a...	3
An American in Spain	8
An ENFJ/ENTJ who is passionate about building things that brin...	1
An Entrepreneur, Dreamer & Lover of life. I am founder of Moon...	1
An Independent Travel Show About Locals.	8
An Ordinary Girl, Living An Extraordinary Life	2
An Owner of the Phoenix Suns, Philanthropist	1
An absurd look at the world of food	6
An acclaimed physiologist and medical nutritionist, author, an...	2
An anthology of reflections on places the world over	69
An author and journalist often referred to as Mr. Manners.	1
An award winning Sr. journalist, Peace Ambassador, published a...	4
An international not-for-profit organization	3
An online magazine from Whole Foods Market	22
Analyst by day, DIY craft-master by night	2
Analyst, Author	1
Analyst, Global Affairs	1
Anat Baniel, Founder of the Anat Baniel Method® and NeuroMovem...	20
Anchor and contributor, HLN's 'Raising America'	1
Anchor and reporter	2
Anchor/Editor-at-Large, Bloomberg Television	1
And everyone you encounter is pretty much a jerk.	1
And he is talking about parenting!	1
And now I want to pass the lessons I learned on to you.	1
And then it set in -- the inner critic.	1
And you have zero job prospects lined up.	1
Andre E. Johnson serves in the department of Communication at ...	1
Andrea Poe is a journalist who covers travel and lifestyle iss...	15
Angel Investor, Strength Coach, author of Man 2.0: Engineering...	3
Angier B. Duke Scholar, Duke 2017.	1
Anglo-Hungarian Ex-Physicist, Writer and Compulsive Traveler	4
Animal Fair	1
Animal behavior consultant, author of 23 pet care books	1
Annah Abetti is an assistant lecturer at Ohio University.	1
Anndee Hochman is a Philadelphia-based freelance writer and te...	2
Annual Giving Officer,  Jewish Community Center of San Francisco	1
Anonymous.	1
Anthropology student, writer	1
Anti-bullying activist; student, Chapman University	2
Anxiety expert	40
Anxiety whisperer. Award-winning Savvy Psychologist podcast ho...	2
Anxiety: "I'm so glad you asked."	1
Applied environmental psychologist and principal at Design Wit...	10
Appraiser	2
Appraiser, Antiques Roadshow	1
Architect of Humanity	3
Architectural Digest Magazine	2
Arianna Huffington's Associate Editor	1
Arlene Schindler is an author and speaker with expertise in re...	1
Art & Culture Writer & Adviser: Talking all things artful	1
Art & Lemons	2
Art Advisor, Designer, Curator, Book Author	3
Art Critic, KCRW 89.9 FM	1
Art Historian, Critic, Curator & Photographer	2
Art Writer/Critic, Senior Editor @Informality(blog.com)	1
ArtCorgi Founder and COO	2
Artist	5
Artist & Instigator	1
Artist and Media Rise Festival Speaker	1
Artist and Photographer, Point Scholar and Sociology PhD Stude...	1
Artist and Writer Ariane Zurcher blogs about design, art and l...	26
Artist educator	1
Artist of Apifera Farm; author, Creative Illustration Workshop'	2
Artist with an MBA, Montrealer and grateful C2-MTL slave	1
Artist | Writer | Photographer | Content Creator + Strategist	1
Artist, Columnist and Creative Producer	2
Artist, Composer	3
Artist, Fashion Designer, DIY Renegade	1
Artist, Member National Council on the Arts Advisory Board to ...	3
Artist, art writer and curator	1
Artist, bodybuilder and personal trainer	1
Artist, curator and independent publisher; VP, Bob Mizer Found...	1
Artist, curator, pop and occult culture journalist; hostess Su...	3
Artist, educator, writer	1
Artist, musician and writer	1
Artist, thinker, writer, and father	1
Artist/Activist/Cosmic Sister	5
Artist; Global Travel Writer; Author, 'Without a Spare'	8
Artistic Director of Anthony Meindl's Actor Workshop	3
Artistic Director, American Conservatory Theater	2
Artistic and Executive Director, The Yard Inc (an artist resid...	1
Artistic director of Imagination Stage in Bethesda, MD	1
Arts & Culture Journalist	1
Arts Journalist	2
Arts Writer & Novelist from Baltimore	2
Arts Writer, Former Contributing Editor for The Art Economist ...	1
Arts and Culture Director	1
Arts and Culture Reporter, HuffPost	1
Arts and Politics Journalist	3
Arts and Travel Journalist	3
Arts blogger, Publisher of Trouvaillesdujour	8
Arts journalist, theater critic	1
Arts writer and co-author of 'Journeys on the Silk Road'	1
As the Yoga Doctor, I help yoga teachers embody their knowledg...	10
Ashley is a psychotherapist and author of 7 books translated i...	26
Asset Protection and Estate Planning Attorney, Author, TV Lega...	9
Assignment Editor, HuffPost	1
Assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry, University of Cali...	1
Assistant Clinical Professor, UCLA Medical School	1
Assistant Dean of Students, Cornell University; Board Member, ...	1
Assistant Editor, Paris by Mouth	4
Assistant Professor at Stanford University	3
Assistant Professor of Behavioral and Social Sciences, Brown U...	1
Assistant Professor of Clinical Psychology, Columbia Universit...	5
Assistant Professor of English, Guttman Community College, CUNY	1
Assistant Professor of Media Studies at Queens College, City U...	1
Assistant Professor of Medicine, Cambridge Health Alliance and...	3
Assistant Professor of Nutrition at Simmons College; Staff Sci...	3
Assistant Professor of Physical Anthropology, University of Ka...	1
Assistant Professor of Social Welfare at the University of Kansas	1
Assistant Professor of Sociology, James Madison University	1
Assistant Professor of Surgery and Director of the Hispanic Tr...	1
Assistant Professor of Theology, Science and Ethics, Fordham U...	1
Assistant Professor, Columbia University	1
Assistant Professor, Cornell University	2
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Medicine, University of Ottawa	1
Assistant Professor, Health Studies, Texas Woman's University	1
Assistant Professor, History, Arizona State University	1
Assistant Professor, School of Communication at American Unive...	1
Assistant Professor, University of Sydney	2
Assistant Professor, Urban and Environmental Policy Department...	1
Assistant Professor, Yale-NUS College and Yale University	1
Assistant Secretary for Health, U.S. Department of Health and ...	3
Assistant Secretary for Public and Intergovernmental Affairs	1
Assistant professor of African and Black Atlantic History, For...	1
Assistant professor of psychology, Case Western Reserve Univer...	1
Assistant professor of psychology, Fordham University	1
Assistant professor of sociology, Georgetown University	1
Assistant professor, Emory University and Public Voices Fellow...	1
Assistant professor, Yale School of Medicine; Primary care int...	1
Associate Attorney, The Law Firm of Wisselman, Harounian &...	1
Associate Attorney, Wisselman, Harounian & Associates, P.C	2
Associate Business Editor, The Huffington Post	1
Associate Dean of Faculty and Professor of Law, Emory Law Scho...	2
Associate Dean of Health & Wellness and Director of Health...	1
Associate Director of Nutrition Communications, The Monday Cam...	1
Associate Director of Programs and Chief of HIV/AIDS at UNICEF	1
Associate Director, Amazon Watch	1
Associate Director, Center for Excellence in Primary Care, UCSF	1
Associate Director, NEDAP	1
Associate Director, National Center for Veterans Studies	1
Associate Director, Northstar Research Partners	1
Associate Director, Program in Law & Public Affairs, Princeton...	1
Associate Director, Public Square Program at Democracy Fund	1
Associate Director, Rural Organizing Project	1
Associate Editor HuffPost Home	6
Associate Editor, HuffPost Food	3
Associate Editor, HuffPost Small Business	1
Associate Editor, HuffPost Travel	1
Associate Editor, Huffington Post Travel	11
Associate Editor, beso.com	1
Associate Medical Director, Center for Pediatric Sleep Disorde...	3
Associate Producer, HuffPost Live	1
Associate Professor in Teacher Education at University of San ...	1
Associate Professor of Anthropology, Dartmouth College	1
Associate Professor of Anthropology, Rollins College; Author, ...	2
Associate Professor of Biblical Hebrew and Jewish and Christia...	1
Associate Professor of Chemistry	1
Associate Professor of Chemistry, University of Warwick	1
Associate Professor of Cinema and Theater at the University of...	25
Associate Professor of Criminal Justice, University of Scranton	1
Associate Professor of Emergency Medicine, Brown Medical School	1
Associate Professor of English, University of Richmond	1
Associate Professor of History, Dir. of the Institute for Race...	2
Associate Professor of Human Development	5
Associate Professor of Management	5
Associate Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School	1
Associate Professor of Philosophy, Saint Louis University	1
Associate Professor of Psychiatry, Cornell Medical School	1
Associate Professor of Psychology at Drexel University	1
Associate Professor of Psychology, Clark University	1
Associate Professor of Psychology, University of South Florida...	2
Associate Professor of Religious Studies, Alma College	1
Associate Professor of Sociology, Tulane University	1
Associate Professor of Spanish Linguistics, University of New ...	1
Associate Professor, California State University, Los Angeles	4
Associate Professor, Department of Hematology Oncology, Northw...	1
Associate Professor, Department of Philosophy, RIT	1
Associate Professor, History and Africana studies, Gettysburg ...	1
Associate Professor, Keene State College	1
Associate Professor, Medill School of Journalism at Northweste...	1
Associate Professor, Mercer University School of Law	1
Associate Professor, UC Davis School of Medicine	6
Associate Professor, UMass Medical School	9
Associate Publisher, Fast Company	1
Associate Third Metric Editor, The Huffington Post	1
Associate Viral Content Editor, The Huffington Post	1
Associate editor, Dance Spirit and Pointe magazines	3
Associate editor, HuffPost Style	1
Associate professor of law at the University of North Carolina...	1
Associate professor of pediatrics and director, Program for Ma...	1
Associate professor of psychiatry, Harvard Medical School	6
Associate professor, Chair of Communication and Director of Wo...	1
Associate professor, Department of Psychological and Brain Sci...	1
Associate professor, Department of the History of Medicine, Jo...	1
Associate professor, University of Connecticut School of Law, ...	1
Associate professor, school of nursing, DePaul University	1
Associate, Lightbank	1
Association of Divorce for Women and Children, CEO	3
Astrologer and author of Midlife Is Not a Crisis: Using Astrol...	3
Astrology, Spirituality and Psychology; Author, "Astrology's S...	11
Astronomer, Author, and Co-Host of Star Gazers	2
At-home dad, blogger	1
Atomic Moms Podcast Host/Producer	6
Attending physician, NYU Langone Medical Center; Clinical Inst...	2
Attorney	11
Attorney General of the United States	1
Attorney and Blogger	11
Attorney and CPA	1
Attorney and Mediator	3
Attorney and Public Policy Expert	1
Attorney and bestselling author	1
Attorney in Salem, NH specializing in bankruptcy and student l...	3
Attorney,  Author, Media Personality	4
Attorney, Editor	2
Attorney, Law Practice Transformation and Management	25
Attorney, Managing Partner at Martoccio and Martoccio	1
Attorney, Mediator, Mom, and Lover of Life	9
Attorney, Parks & Crump, L.L.C.	1
Attorney, QDRO expert	1
Attorney, Writer	1
Attorney, activist, and author of DrowningIslands.com	1
Attorney, advocate, writer at RepublicReport.org	1
Attorney, divorce and family law	1
Attorney, human rights advocate and author	1
Attorney, legal commentator, columnist	1
Attorney-Mediator	2
Attorney. Writer. Advocate.	1
Attorney/Author and Golf Enthusiast	2
Attorney; Assistant Professor at University of New Hampshire; ...	2
Atwell Professor of Mathematics, Emeritus, Williams College; E...	4
Australian General Practitioner, Blogger	1
Author	170
Author "Challenging Casanova: Beyond the Stereotype of the pro...	3
Author "Finding Work When There Are No Jobs"	2
Author "The Tin Ticket" and three other books about women’s is...	5
Author & Activist	1
Author & Creative Stylist at Pizzazzerie.com	2
Author & Director of Strategic Research at ConsenSys	1
Author & Global Education Adviser	6
Author & Grief Therapist	4
Author & Teacher	5
Author 'Barracuda in the Attic'	1
Author (as in books), travel evangelist, Ringmaster of The Glo...	35
Author (www.armedanddangerous.biz)	1
Author * Activist * Educator	2
Author / Journalist	1
Author House of Cards & All I Can Handle	4
Author Main St. Vegan & The Good Karma Diet, director Main St....	2
Author Nasty Divorce: A Kid's Eye View and Stop Looking for a ...	10
Author and Blogger at www.SethAdamSmith.com	2
Author and Columnist	3
Author and Communication Professor	1
Author and Editor	2
Author and Educator	8
Author and Emmy Award-winning Writer and Producer	2
Author and Family Internet Safety Expert	21
Author and Features Writer for Pink News	1
Author and Founder of TheBreastLife.com	11
Author and Illustrator: Parenting, Illustrated with Crappy Pic...	6
Author and International Affairs Expert	1
Author and Journalist	6
Author and Modern Shaman	32
Author and Professional Speaker	2
Author and Professor of Journalism at NYU	1
Author and Psychological Healer	4
Author and Satirist	1
Author and Speaker - Alert Mindfulness, Essential Leadership S...	3
Author and TV producer	1
Author and award-winning documentarian	1
Author and blogger, Orangette	1
Author and columnist for msnbc.com	1
Author and cultural theorist	1
Author and family doctor turned childhood feeding specialist	7
Author and father	2
Author and fitness expert	7
Author and former CEO	4
Author and illustrator	1
Author and journalist	2
Author and lecturer on education, parenting, and human behavior	2
Author and magazine editor	1
Author and managing editor of Mirror Publishing	1
Author and mom of three	1
Author and retired police officer	1
Author and sacred activist	1
Author and speaker, ambassador for peace, brings to the world ...	3
Author and student success expert	1
Author and syndicated columnist	5
Author and therapist	10
Author at Simon & Schuster: The Widow of Wall Street,  Acciden...	2
Author of "10 Ways to Get The Most from Your Child's Teacher"	20
Author of "Leaving A-Holiness Behind," Host of Homebrewed Cult...	2
Author of "Mom, I'm Not a Kid Anymore"	1
Author of "Open Boxes: the gifts of living a full and connecte...	7
Author of "Remembering China from Taiwan: divided families and...	2
Author of "Sacred Contracts"	1
Author of "She Dated the Asshats, But Married the Good Guy: Ho...	25
Author of "Skirts at War" and "No One's the Bitch." Cultivatin...	3
Author of "Stuff White People Like" and "Whiter Shades of Pale"	2
Author of "Take Command" & CEO of Team Rubicon	2
Author of "The Parents' Phrase Book" and co-founder of Dads4Ch...	2
Author of "Unabrow"	1
Author of #1 New York Times bestseller "Daring Greatly"	1
Author of 'Back on Top: Fearless Dating After Divorce'	1
Author of 'Cancer with Joy'	10
Author of 'Cupid's Poisoned Arrow: From Habit to Harmony in Se...	1
Author of 'Jesus Freaks' and 'The Harvard Psychedelic Club'	1
Author of 'Little Winners: Inside the World of the Child Sport...	1
Author of 'Strong In The Broken Places' (Rodale, May 2017) | F...	3
Author of 'The 4-Hour Workweek'	4
Author of 'The Anxious Traveler'	10
Author of 'Unbinding the Heart'	15
Author of 'Unworthy,' 'Party of One', and 'Stuck.'	45
Author of 14 books including Earth Joy Writing and Beautiful W...	3
Author of 3 books, mother of 2 kids, practicing yogi, aspiring...	3
Author of 30+ books, including an international best-seller, "...	5
Author of 5 Books including Hijacked by Your Brain	18
Author of Always a Bridesmaid (For Hire) & CEO of Bridesmaid f...	2
Author of An Amateur's Guide to the Pursuit of Happiness	2
Author of Apologies to My Censor: The High and Low Adventures ...	5
Author of Art of Attention, Meditation and Yoga Teacher, Coach	3
Author of AskYourDadBlog.com	9
Author of Best Seller Uprising, Founder of StrawberryFrog	1
Author of Business Secrets of the Trappist Monks	1
Author of Care of the Soul	2
Author of Colorado Camping, Denver Post "Around Colorado" colu...	10
Author of Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope	1
Author of Dancing with Fire: A Mindful Way to Loving Relations...	3
Author of Don't Let Him Know; Senior editor, Firstpost.com;  e...	2
Author of Europe on Five Wrong Turns a Day	4
Author of Extreme Productivity, senior lecturer at Harvard Bus...	1
Author of FLY SOLO & Body, Mind, and Solo, founder jetsetmama....	8
Author of Fire Monks: Zen Mind Meets Wildfire	3
Author of Fluent in 3 Months; National Geographic Traveler of ...	1
Author of Glamourous Life (2018), Black Irish, WISEGAL	1
Author of Gluten Is My Bitch	2
Author of Growing Eden, blogger at Eat the Damn Cake	8
Author of Home Sweet Anywhere, a best-selling memoir now publi...	1
Author of In Praise of Chickens	1
Author of Is Satire Saving Our Nation?	1
Author of Knickerbocker Glory: A Chef’s Guide to Innovatio...	4
Author of Life in the Loop: Essays on OCD.	7
Author of Loose Change and JOAN: Forty Years of Life, Loss, an...	1
Author of Making Money Matter, Impact Investing to Change the ...	2
Author of Maks & Mila children's books and Mindfulness Expert	9
Author of Memoir I Rise-The Transformation of Toni Newman	1
Author of Mindful Games and The Mindful Child	3
Author of Motherhood Smotherhoood	15
Author of PRIME TIME DADS 49 Reasons to Embrace Midlife Father...	6
Author of Parenting With Presence (and Eckhart Tolle edition) ...	60
Author of Peaceful Piggy Meditation and Moody Cow Meditates	1
Author of Perseverance (Forge Books), Psychology PhD Student	1
Author of SUNDAY GIRL	1
Author of Saving Each Other	1
Author of Seize Your Life: How to Carpe Diem Every Day, Speake...	2
Author of Shimmering Images: A Handy Little Guide to Writing M...	1
Author of Smart Mama, Smart Money, Bitches on a Budget, and Sm...	8
Author of Sober Mercies: How Love Caught Up with a Christian D...	4
Author of Sunne's Gift: How Sunne Overcame Bullying to Reclaim...	1
Author of Surprised by Motherhood and blogger at LisaJoBaker.com	6
Author of Swiped. Former Director New Jersey Division of Consu...	24
Author of THE MOTIVATION MANIFESTO	1
Author of TIRED OF APOLOGIZING FOR A CHURCH I DON'T BELONG TO,...	2
Author of Talking Dirt: The Dirt Diva's Down-to-Earth Guide to...	1
Author of The 3-Day Reset, Mother, Natural Foods Chef	3
Author of The Afterlife of Billy Fingers, Former Chiropractor	1
Author of The Art of Mingling	1
Author of The Birth of Super Crip and I’m Not Here to Inspire ...	1
Author of The Clover House, Director of the Krouna Writing Wor...	3
Author of The Cup, the dramatic story of Damien Oliver’s epic ...	1
Author of The Detour and The Spanish Bow	1
Author of The Edumacation of Jay Baker and Finding Mr. Brights...	2
Author of The Flower Chef and owner of Flour LA, Inc.	10
Author of The Get Real Diet, Board-Certified Health Coach, Gra...	2
Author of The Handcrafted Wedding, CEO/Editor of Emma...	1
Author of The Mark Inside	1
Author of The Pursuit of Happiness	1
Author of The Shortest Way Home	2
Author of The Summer of Good Intentions	4
Author of The Transcendental Meditation Technique and the J...	2
Author of The Truth About Cruise Ships	1
Author of The Wife of John the Baptist	1
Author of Verbal First Aid, Psychotherapist, and Classical Hom...	6
Author of Vuto & Queer Greer	1
Author of Where Am I Wearing/Eating, Co-founder of The Facing ...	1
Author of Yin, Yang, Yogini	2
Author of bestsellers Make Your Kid a Money Genius and Get a F...	20
Author of eight books	1
Author of iRules, International Speaker, Consultant, Founder o...	12
Author of love stories, The Mason Jar and Alabama Irish	4
Author of memoir There's Been A Change of Plans, A Memoir on D...	14
Author of several books, film producer and father.	3
Author of the Elly in Bloom series and recently released Queen...	1
Author of the New York Times bestseller Beyond Training book; ...	35
Author of the Smartest series of books	3
Author of the alternative novel, BAD IMAGE	4
Author of the award-winning book 'Enlightened Parenting: A Mom...	5
Author of the basketball novel This Is The Part Where You Laugh	1
Author of the bestselling Secret Regrets book series; founder ...	3
Author of the memoir DINNER WITH THE SMILEYS	8
Author of the novel "Wild Girls" and entertainment journalist	5
Author of the novel WILDFIRE	1
Author of the trim&TERRIFIC® cookbook series and specialized  ...	2
Author of the young adult novel KISS & MAKE UP and regular con...	1
Author of three bestselling novels and a PR exec	1
Author of ’The Education of Kevin Powell: A Boy’s Journey into...	1
Author of “Coming out Spiritually” and the forthcoming “Soulfu...	8
Author on Alzheimer's Caregiving	6
Author with HarperCollins	1
Author, "'Tales' from the Tarmac"	3
Author, "A Beginner's Guide To Corruption"	1
Author, "A Better World, Inc.: How Companies Profit by Solving...	7
Author, "An Affair to Dismember"	5
Author, "Ashes to Asheville."	2
Author, "Bottled Up: How the Way We Feed Babies Has Come to De...	3
Author, "Broken Bodies/Shattered Minds...A Medical Odyssey...V...	1
Author, "Cures from the Kitchen"	1
Author, "Daughters for a Time," "Acts of Contrition," and "The...	5
Author, "Dosed: The Medication Generation Grows Up"; Blogger, ...	3
Author, "Drop Dead Healthy"; Editor-at-large, Esquire	1
Author, "Evel Knievel Days"	1
Author, "Fat Chick"	1
Author, "Feeding Eden: The Trials and Triumphs of a Food Aller...	2
Author, "Finding Frances"	2
Author, "French Kids Eat Everything"	1
Author, "Heroes of a Different Stripe: How One Town Responded ...	7
Author, "Homesick and Happy"	1
Author, "Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products"	1
Author, "How Eskimos Keep Their Babies Warm and Other Adventur...	2
Author, "How Not To Kill Your Baby"	1
Author, "If I Could Tell You"	9
Author, "January First"	1
Author, "Living Room" and "The First Hurt"	4
Author, "Matterness: What Fearless Leaders Know About the Powe...	3
Author, "No One Understands You and What To Do About It" "Nine...	23
Author, "Paper Doll Orgy" (TNB Press)	1
Author, "Parents Need to Eat Too: Nap-Friendly Recipes, One-Ha...	1
Author, "Paris Was the Place" and "The Foremost Good Fortune"	1
Author, "Raising Humans in a Digital World" (HarperC...	5
Author, "Sisters of Misery" and "The Lost Sister"; co-editor o...	1
Author, "Slouching Toward Adulthood: Observations from the Not...	1
Author, "Small Talk: Learning From My Children About What Matt...	3
Author, "Soul Picnic: The Music And Passion Of Laura Nyro" and...	1
Author, "The Art of Confession"	1
Author, "The Down and Dirty Guide to Camping With Kids"	1
Author, "The Empath's Survival Guide: Life Strategies for Sens...	13
Author, "The Evolution of a Corporate Idealist: When Girl Meet...	1
Author, "The Five Levels Of Attachment: Toltec Wisdom For The ...	2
Author, "The Fourth Trimester: Understanding, Protecting and N...	1
Author, "The Happiness Advantage"	2
Author, "The Healers Trilogy"	16
Author, "The Hippocratic Myth," & Professor of Law, Georgetown...	2
Author, "The Marriage Act" & "Mexican High," journalist	1
Author, "The Marriage Refresher Course Workbook for Couples"	1
Author, "The Medical Day Planner"	3
Author, "The Mighty Miss Malone"	1
Author, "The Mystery Experience"; pioneering philosopher	2
Author, "The Need to Say No: How to be Bullish and Not Bullied"	4
Author, "The Secret Lives of Boys: Inside the Raw Emotional Wo...	4
Author, "The Stolen Jew"	1
Author, "The Wabi-Sabi House, Simply Imperfect"; Natural livin...	3
Author, "The Will of a Man & The Way of a Woman" (Barbour Books)	1
Author, "The Year of Learning Dangerously"	1
Author, "This Made Me Think of You"	5
Author, "Why Have Kids?"	1
Author, "Wisdom Rising"	7
Author, "You're Not Doing It Right: Tales of Marriage, Sex, De...	1
Author, #1 International bestsellers,"Love From Heaven and  'A...	1
Author, '30 Something and Over It'	2
Author, '5 Habits of Happy People'	1
Author, 'A Clergy Guide to End of Life Issues'	2
Author, 'Above All Things: The Journey of an Evangelical Chris...	1
Author, 'Acts of God and Man: Ruminations on Risk and Insurance'	1
Author, 'American Wasteland'; Creator, WastedFood.com	1
Author, 'Annelie's Raw Food Power: Supercharged Raw Food Recip...	1
Author, 'Asperger's From the Inside-Out' and 'Unemployed on th...	1
Author, 'Beyond Blue' and 'The Pocket Therapist'	4
Author, 'Bringing Up Bébé' and 'Bébé Day By Day'	3
Author, 'Bulletproof Faith: A Spiritual Survival Guide for Gay...	1
Author, 'Cheap Cabernet: A Friendship'	1
Author, 'Chronic Resilience'	1
Author, 'Confessions of a Boy Toy'	2
Author, 'Contracted: America's Secret Warriors'	2
Author, 'Dad, Tell Me a Story'	17
Author, 'Dan Gets a Minivan: Life at the Intersection of Dude ...	5
Author, 'Dinner: A Love Story'	4
Author, 'Do Chocolate Lovers Have Sweeter Babies?: The Surpris...	1
Author, 'Dubai Wives'	1
Author, 'Eat Rich, Stay Skinny: A Girl's Guide to Holiday Feas...	3
Author, 'Eat What You Love, Love What You Eat' book series; Fo...	21
Author, 'Eat With Joy: Redeeming God's Gift of Food'; blogger ...	2
Author, 'Eight Shifts for Wellness: Practical Transformative S...	2
Author, 'Embrace, Release, Heal: An Empowering Guide to Talkin...	2
Author, 'Fast Future: How the Millennial Generation Is Shaping...	2
Author, 'Fietlebaum's Escape'	3
Author, 'Forever Again', Musician, EP "Summer Verses"	1
Author, 'Fresh From the Farm: A Year of Recipes and Stories"	1
Author, 'Gated Grief: The Daughter of a G.I. Concentration Cam...	1
Author, 'Get Me Out: A History of Childbirth From the Garden o...	8
Author, 'Growing Up Golem'	1
Author, 'Healing Gods' and 'Testing Prayer'	1
Author, 'Here Is Where: Discovering America's Great Forgotten ...	1
Author, 'Homeless Isn't Hopeless'	1
Author, 'Hope after Faith: An Ex-Pastor's Journey from Belief ...	1
Author, 'Hot Granny,' 'Fabulous at 50,' '60 and Beyond'	1
Author, 'How To Live 100 Years Without Growing Old'	1
Author, 'I HEART ME: The Science of Self-Love' and 'How Your M...	2
Author, 'I Love You, Beth Cooper,' 'Go Mutants!' and 'Deliriou...	1
Author, 'IN THE PINK: How I Met the Perfect (Younger) Man, Sur...	1
Author, 'In the Land of Invisible Women'	1
Author, 'Inheritance: How Our Genes Change Our Lives -- and Ou...	1
Author, 'Kerouac's Spontaneous Poetics'	67
Author, 'Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nat...	3
Author, 'Life After Yes'	6
Author, 'Life Ki-do Parenting: Tools to Raise Happy, Confident...	3
Author, 'Little Princes: One Man's Promise to Bring Home the L...	5
Author, 'Living Mindfully"  and "Mindful Teaching and Teaching...	22
Author, 'Living Two Lives: Married to a Man and in Love With a...	1
Author, 'Love 2.0'	1
Author, 'Marijuanamerica: One Man's Quest to Understand Americ...	1
Author, 'Marriage Confidential'	1
Author, 'Martian Summer: Robot Arms, Cowboy Spacemen and My 90...	1
Author, 'Medicare Meltdown,' 'The Battle Over Health Care,' 'T...	1
Author, 'Mom, I Want to Speak to Marie Antoinette, A Story Abo...	2
Author, 'Motherhood in Modern History'	1
Author, 'My 52 Weeks of Worship: Lessons from a Global, Spirit...	1
Author, 'No Biking in the House Without A Helmet'	1
Author, 'Now It's Funny: How I Survived Cancer, Divorce and Ot...	2
Author, 'Now What? A Patient's Guide to Recovery After Masectomy'	1
Author, 'On Second Thought: Outsmarting Your Mind's Hard-Wired...	7
Author, 'Open Heart, Open Mind'	7
Author, 'Other Waters'	5
Author, 'Parents Who Don't Do Dishes'	4
Author, 'Passion & Purpose'	8
Author, 'Peace and Plenty'	2
Author, 'Planet Ponzi'	1
Author, 'Raising Henry'	1
Author, 'Rhoda: Her First Ninety Years' and 'After Ninety: What'	2
Author, 'Saltwater Buddha' and 'The Fear Project' (out January...	15
Author, 'Saving Each Other'	1
Author, 'Sex, Lies and Menopause'	1
Author, 'Shadow Force: Private Security Contractors in Iraq'	3
Author, 'Shayno,' 'Benedetto' and 'In the Mirror a Monster''	2
Author, 'She's Not There,' 'I'm Looking Through You' and 'Stuc...	1
Author, 'Singled Out'	1
Author, 'Straight: The Surprisingly Short History of Heterosex...	1
Author, 'Supersurvivors'	1
Author, 'Survival Lessons,' 'The Dovekeepers'	1
Author, 'Surviving Dreaded Conversations'; President, The Krys...	2
Author, 'Sustainable Happiness: The Mind Science of Wellbeing,...	1
Author, 'The Alpha Masters: Unlocking the Genius of the World'...	1
Author, 'The Big Story'	2
Author, 'The End of Nature' among others; Co-founder, 350.org	1
Author, 'The Fire Starter Sessions: A Soulful and Practical Gu...	1
Author, 'The Forest House,' 'The Territory of Men'	1
Author, 'The Glass is Full: The secrets to being happy and sta...	2
Author, 'The Idolatry of God'	1
Author, 'The Joy of Ritual' and 'The Joys of Family Rituals'	8
Author, 'The Law of Emergence'	3
Author, 'The Limits of Medicine'; Professor, University of Tor...	1
Author, 'The Love Wars'	4
Author, 'The Other Side of Paradise'	2
Author, 'The Right to be Parents: LGBT Families and the Transf...	1
Author, 'The Rule of Nobody: Saving America from Dead Laws and...	1
Author, 'The Sedona Method'	3
Author, 'The Sh!t No One Tells You: A Guide to Surviving Your ...	1
Author, 'The Silver Linings Playbook'	1
Author, 'The Thing You Think You Cannot Do'	3
Author, 'The Unconditioned Mind: J. Krishnamurti and the Oak G...	2
Author, 'The Unexpected When You're Expecting'	3
Author, 'The Untethered Soul'	1
Author, 'The Wedding Beat'	2
Author, 'Things I Wish I’d Known: Cancer Caregivers Speak Out'...	1
Author, 'Torn Apart: United by Love, Divided by Law'	2
Author, 'Two Spirits, One Heart'; PFLAG National Board Member	2
Author, 'Unfinished Lives: Reviving the Memories of LGBTQ Hate...	1
Author, 'Unfriendly Fire: How the Gay Ban Undermines the Milit...	1
Author, 'Upside Down Selling', 'Same Side Selling'	1
Author, 'Veggies for Carnivores: Moving Vegetables to the Cent...	1
Author, 'Waging War on Corruption - Inside the Movement Fighti...	1
Author, 'We'll Always Have Paris: A Mother-Daughter Travel Mem...	1
Author, 'White House Burning: The Founding Fathers, Our Nation...	2
Author, 'Who Says It's a Man's World'	4
Author, 'Wisdom 2.0'; host, Wisdom 2.0 Conference	3
Author, 'WomanCode'; CEO, FLOLiving	1
Author, 'Your Best Year Yet!' and founder of Best Year Yet	21
Author, 'Drug Muggers', 'Diabetes WIthout Drugs' and 'The 24-...	5
Author, A Force for Good	10
Author, A Multitude of Hope: A Novel About Rediscovering the A...	1
Author, A Spoonful of Sugar and drink: A Four Year Survival Guide	1
Author, A Trick of the Light	1
Author, Activist, and Social Entrepreneur	1
Author, Advisor	1
Author, Advocate and Consultant	11
Author, Analyst, Keynotes, Founder of The Love Project, Love F...	27
Author, Arctic National Wildlife Refuge: Seasons of Life and Land	2
Author, Artist and Speaker - SheerBalance.com and TinyToesDesi...	16
Author, Artist. Director of Business Development, Ann marie Ho...	2
Author, Attorney, Activist, UN Global Expert	2
Author, Autism and Mental Health Advocate, Hopeless Optimist	2
Author, Backstage Wall Street	1
Author, Blogger	4
Author, Blogger and Parenting/Lifestyle Humorist http://www.Sa...	5
Author, Blogger, A Wandering Scientist; Fletcher Jones Endowed...	1
Author, Blogger, Lawyer	38
Author, Blogger, Music Journalist, Recipient of Numerous Sport...	3
Author, Blogger, Owner www.myfearlessheart.com	2
Author, Blogger, Social Media Strategist	1
Author, Blogger, Speaker	3
Author, Blogger, Spiritual Teacher, Psychic	2
Author, Blogger, Transformation Coach	5
Author, Brave Girl Eating: A Family's Struggle with Anorexia	1
Author, Breakup: Enduring Divorce; BreakupAid	3
Author, Buddhist Teacher	1
Author, Build-A-Boob...,Cancer Survivor, Activist	1
Author, Catholic, and Special Needs	2
Author, Celebrity trainer, Better Life Expert	7
Author, ChopperPapa.com	1
Author, Clinical Psychologist, Lecturer Harvard Medical School	2
Author, Coach and Consultant	1
Author, Coach, Publisher	1
Author, College/Career Consultant	1
Author, Columnist, Raconteur	1
Author, Composer, Pianist, Music Historian	1
Author, Consultant, Radio Host	6
Author, Consultant, Speaker	8
Author, Cook, Meditation Teacher	1
Author, Cooking Up a Business	1
Author, Corporate Lawyer	1
Author, Critic and Visual Artist	1
Author, Cultural Economist, Value Systems Expert	1
Author, Dear Stranger, Dearest Friend	1
Author, Digital Marketing Professional	2
Author, Dinner Solved! and The Mom 100 Cookbook	13
Author, Dogwild & Board: Stories, Interviews and Musings from ...	1
Author, Editor, 21st century expat living in the Middle East.	4
Author, Educator, School Consultant	2
Author, Educator, Strategist	2
Author, Embrace the Chaos	5
Author, English Lecturer	1
Author, Entrepreneur, Philanthropist	1
Author, Entrepreneur, Retired Teacher @ 31, Paid Family Leave ...	4
Author, Epic Win for Anonymous: How 4chan's Army Conquered the...	1
Author, Essayist	7
Author, Etiquette Expert	30
Author, Event Designer, Creative director, senior partner, Mat...	2
Author, Every Day Is Election Day: A Woman's Guide to Winning ...	1
Author, Expressive Writing Expert	1
Author, Founder of Harmonica Based Stress Reduction™	2
Author, Founder of Natural Psychology	2
Author, Founder of The Honest Company	1
Author, Freelance writer	2
Author, Grown and Flown	11
Author, Happiness Engineer & Personal Growth consultant creati...	7
Author, Harley Loco	1
Author, How to Be the World's Smartest Traveler (and Save Time...	116
Author, How to Look Expensive,www.HowtoLookExpensive.com	5
Author, Humorist, US Marine, Cook	3
Author, Humorist, Workshop Leader	2
Author, I Can Hear You Whisper: An Intimate Journey throug...	2
Author, Innovation Expert, www.ChristopherMeyer.com	1
Author, Inspirational Speaker, Founder of The Miracle Project,...	1
Author, Journalist, Autism Advocate	6
Author, Journalist, Filmmaker	1
Author, Ketchup is a Vegetable & Other Lies Moms Tell Them...	10
Author, Keynote Speaker, Bold Living & Change Expert	14
Author, Keynote Speaker, Food Humorist©	1
Author, Lecturer, Hyperspace Intuitive	6
Author, Licensed Clinical Social Worker, Teacher	7
Author, MAXED OUT: American Moms on the Brink	3
Author, Make Me a Mother: A Memoir	1
Author, Making Peace With Autism: One Family's Story of Strugg...	1
Author, Meditation Expert, International Speaker, Master Train...	13
Author, Mental Coach	1
Author, Mental Health Counselor, Traumatic Stress Expert	2
Author, Military Mom, LMFT	14
Author, Mindful Parenting and founder, Mindful Life	1
Author, Mom, TV Personality & recent Psychology grad	8
Author, Mother	10
Author, Mother and Founder of Intent.com	3
Author, Mother, Business Woman with a Law Degree & a Black Bel...	1
Author, Motivational Speaker, Life Coach	1
Author, Motivator	2
Author, Moving Up: The Truth About Getting Ahead in America	1
Author, Multimedia Journalist, Editor, Public Speaker, Humoris...	3
Author, National Geographic's 100 Best Volunteer Vacations	35
Author, Native New Yorker	9
Author, New York Times Bestseller 'QUIET: The Power of Introve...	2
Author, New York Times bestseller ‘The Book of Awakening’	59
Author, NextDraft: The Day's Most Fascinating News	1
Author, Nurture the Wow, and Rabbi-in-Residence, Avodah	1
Author, Our Farm: By the Animals of Farm Sanctuary	1
Author, Owner, AG Designs	3
Author, Parenting Expert and Founder, little BLUEPRINT	4
Author, Parenting Guru and Mother	11
Author, Parenting Without Borders: Surprising Lessons Pare...	1
Author, Paris Movie Walks	5
Author, People I Want to Punch in the Throat: Competitive Craf...	13
Author, Performer, host of The Kelly Carlin Show on SiriusXM R...	1
Author, Podcast Host: The Dr. Karin Show, Intuitive Therapist,...	9
Author, Poet, Intuitive Psychotherapist	6
Author, Poet, Public Speaker, Cultural Critic, Global Nomad	2
Author, Poet, Speaker, Renaissance Man, Believer in Magic.	1
Author, Political Activist, Commentator, Website: www.lsimmens...	4
Author, Political Satirist	2
Author, Prejudice & Pride	2
Author, Prescription for Type 2 Diabetes: Exercise. Exercise P...	10
Author, Producer, and Founder I AM Love Campaign	2
Author, Professor	1
Author, Psychic & Life Coach	2
Author, Psychotherapist	1
Author, Publisher at TMI Publishing	7
Author, Quirkyalone, Founder, Tango Adventures in Buenos Aires	4
Author, Raising Cubby: A Father and Son’s Adventures with Aspe...	2
Author, Rebooting in Beverly Hills	14
Author, Reinventing Philanthropy: A Framework for More Eff...	1
Author, Relationship Expert, Humorist, Advocate of Finding You...	5
Author, Researcher, Professor	1
Author, Retired FBI Community Affairs Coordinator	8
Author, Reviewer, Blogger	8
Author, Run Like a Girl: How Strong Women Make Happy Lives	3
Author, SONGS FOR THE NEW DEPRESSION, GIFTS NOT YET GIVEN	6
Author, SQ21: The 21 Skills of Spiritual Intelligence	7
Author, Scholar, Lecturer	1
Author, Screenwriter	1
Author, Screenwriter, Yale University Lecturer	28
Author, Simplicity Parenting	1
Author, Singer	1
Author, Speaker	1
Author, Speaker & CEO of Trackur.com	1
Author, Speaker and Award-Winning Writer	1
Author, Speaker,  Women's Advocate & Ambassador for Women in G...	1
Author, Speaker, Activist, Somatic & Intuitive Healer	1
Author, Speaker, Blogger	5
Author, Speaker, Blogger, Milkjunkies.net	3
Author, Speaker, Certified Life & Relationship Coach	1
Author, Speaker, Chief Happiness Officer	1
Author, Speaker, Consultant and Executive Business Coach	14
Author, Speaker, Entrepreneur	4
Author, Speaker, Marketing Expert	3
Author, Speaker, New Economy Strategist, Empowerment Coach	1
Author, Speaker, Oneness Maven, NYC	1
Author, Speaker, Relationship Expert	1
Author, Speaker, Syndicated Advice Columnist	1
Author, Speaker, Writing Coach	1
Author, Speaker, and Baylor University Professor	5
Author, Speaker, and Chicken Owner	1
Author, Speaker, and the Voice of "Dear Family Whisperer"	3
Author, Special Educator, Behavior Analyst	1
Author, Stuffed and Starved	1
Author, Suffering Succotash	1
Author, Synchronized Breathing	1
Author, TV Producer, Sociologist at Yale University	1
Author, TV writer	1
Author, Tai Chi Gold Medalist, Meditation Guide, Wellness Expert	12
Author, The Anti-Romantic Child: A Story of Unexpected Joy...	1
Author, The Breakup Bible	3
Author, The Digital Mystique	2
Author, The Discomfort Zone: How Leaders Turn Difficult Conver...	1
Author, The Dual Family Guide to Creating a Happy Family Under...	1
Author, The Emotional Toolkit	2
Author, The Glass Wives, St. Martin's Press, May 14 2013	6
Author, The Honest Toddler: A Child's Guide to Life	5
Author, The Human Agenda: Conversations about Sexual Orientati...	1
Author, The International Bank of Bob: Connecting Our Worlds O...	1
Author, The Love Song of Jonny Valentine and Kapitoil	2
Author, The Mothers and Something Red	1
Author, The Mushroom Hunters: On the Trail of an Underground A...	1
Author, The Sunshine When She’s Gone	1
Author, The Toltec Secret to Happiness	1
Author, The Unfinished Social Entreprenuer	3
Author, The Viagra Diaries	3
Author, The Winter of Our Disconnect	2
Author, Theatre Producer, Mom, Marketer, Bird Lover	6
Author, Therapist, Lecturer	6
Author, To Sing Frogs and The Marvelous Journey Home	12
Author, Too Many Cooks: Kitchen Adventures with 1 Mom, 4 Kids,...	1
Author, Travel Journalist	2
Author, Truman National Security Project Fellow	2
Author, Veteran, Child Advocate; www.ckcarlton.com	1
Author, Writer, Blogger, Doggypreneur	2
Author, Writer, Speaker, Licensed Master's Level Social Worker	6
Author, Writing Is My Drink	1
Author, Yellow: Race in America Beyond Black and White	2
Author, Yoga Master	2
Author, YouTuber, DIY Expert, Interior and Jewelry Designer	11
Author, Your Child’s Divorce: What to Expect – What You Can Do	13
Author, Your Personal Paleo Code	3
Author, blogger	1
Author, blogger, podcast host	3
Author, blogger, singer/songwriter, member of the band The Ins...	1
Author, comedy writer, mental health advocate	1
Author, commentator and journalist	1
Author, consultant and executive coach	24
Author, contributing editor for Runner's World magazine, Runne...	5
Author, cultural critic and psychotherapist	1
Author, curriculum designer, global speaker on suicide prevent...	1
Author, divorce blogger and divorce party planner	21
Author, divorce psychologist, and founder of the Judith Waller...	1
Author, educator, consultant and college educator - It's all f...	1
Author, film critic, filmmaker	15
Author, filmmaker and visual artist	1
Author, grief and loss specialist	3
Author, historian, professor	1
Author, humorist and screenwriter	2
Author, humorist, speaker, and former hospice social worker.	19
Author, instructor, and trader	1
Author, journalist	1
Author, journalist & attorney. Principal, The Broad Side, LLC	7
Author, journalist, and troublemaker	5
Author, journalist, former Congressional candidate	2
Author, journalist, political activist	4
Author, journalist, writer, producer, director	2
Author, journalist,and historian. Partnered with UN World Food...	4
Author, keynote speaker, professor	6
Author, lecturer, psychotherapist, and professor of social work	3
Author, movie producer and director	1
Author, musician and photographer	4
Author, musician, independent culturist	3
Author, novelist, journalist, playwright	3
Author, photographer	1
Author, playwright and founding director of Girls Unlimited	1
Author, poet, lover of words	1
Author, poet, philanthropist, 11-year NBA veteran	3
Author, producer, travel & technology pioneer, co-founder Moun...	47
Author, professor at Oxford University	1
Author, radio host and retired professor of philosophy	14
Author, recipe creator, and food photographer. I incorporate n...	3
Author, research psychologist and gender scholar	57
Author, screenwriter and blogger	32
Author, speaker	1
Author, speaker and small business coach	1
Author, speaker, advisor, consultant and advocate for effectiv...	4
Author, speaker, and blogger at karikampakis.com	1
Author, speaker, coach, founder The Healthy Leader	7
Author, speaker, consultant, and co-creator of the Sustainable...	1
Author, speaker, decision strategist and philanthropist. Forme...	2
Author, speaker, facilitator...all with a dash of "mild audaci...	12
Author, speaker, former Chief Diversity Officer, Siemens AG	2
Author, speaker, lawyer turned stress and resilience expert	14
Author, speaker, presenter.	5
Author, success coach, radio talk show host	1
Author, teacher, emotional connection consultant	1
Author, theater and opera critic	3
Author, travel writer and mom, lover of la dolce vita	9
Author, visual artist	2
Author, wellness coach, and math teacher	29
Author, women's fiction, latest release It's Got to Be Perfect...	1
Author, writer and expert witness on defamation	1
Author, writer, syndicated columnist, executive coach, speaker...	15
Author, ‘You Saved Me, Too: What a Holocaust Survivor Taught M...	1
Author-Illustrator	1
Author-Silicon Dragon, Startup Asia	5
Author. Academic. Artist.	13
Author. Designer. DIYer. Creator at 504 Main.	1
Author. Editor. Writing Coach.	1
Author. Hospitality Disruptor. Modern Elder.	1
Author. Speaker. Mentor. Champion of single moms and awesome w...	4
Author/Blogger - Taking life one laugh at a time	1
Author/Founder, The Extraordinary Project	3
Author/Marketer	1
Author/Nutritional Therapy Practitioner/Speaker/Certified Inte...	1
Author/Speaker on love, marriage, divorce, parenting, co-paren...	20
Author/host, Hiding in the Bathroom; Founder, Women Online/The...	1
Author/illustrator	10
Author: Healthy Living Means Living Healthy...Lose Weight, Fee...	1
Author: Riding with George, My Brother/My Enemy, Al Qaeda's Gr...	1
Author: The Toltec I Ching; In The Oneness Of Time	7
Author: Women, Food & Desire, Functional Nutrition Expert, Cra...	4
Author; Blogger, Psychology Today	1
Author; Management and career expert	2
Author; Motivational speaker	13
Author; Natural Health Expert	15
Author; Publisher	1
Author; Resident Scholar, Women's Studies Research Center, Bra...	5
Author; Television personality; Designer for lifestyle product...	3
Authority on natural and whole foods	7
Authors of Conscious Loving, founders of heartsintrueharmony.c...	3
Authors, "Engineering Happiness: A New Approach for Building a...	2
Authors, 'Blind to Betrayal'	1
Authors, 'Funny Food: 365 Fun, Healthy, Silly, Creative Breakf...	11
Authors, Marriage Counselors	17
Authors, Reasons Mommy Drinks	1
Avant Gardener, Space Farmer, founder @flux	2
Aveeno celebrity hairstylist	1
Avid Outdoorsman, Traveler, UX UI Designer/Developer	1
Avid Road Tripper, Writer, Filmmaker	3
Avid baker, relentless hostess. Author of Sitting in Bars with...	1
Awakening coach, writer, teacher and public speaker	1
Award Winning Author, Keynote Speaker, Mentor - Thought Leader	37
Award Winning Blogger and Memoirist, 'The Authentic Life'	1
Award Winning Silicon Valley Entrepreneur, Writer	3
Award Winning Teen Mentor, Best Selling Author & President of ...	1
Award winning Educator, Author, Digital Parenting Expert and F...	1
Award winning actress	3
Award winning author of 6 books, spokesperson, media personali...	3
Award winning filmmaker/poet. 8 years working in social media....	1
Award winning journalist & author. Contributor NBC News, NBCBL...	3
Award-Winning Author	1
Award-Winning Author | Speaker | Leadership, People, Performan...	5
Award-Winning Author, Consultant	1
Award-Winning Author, Relationship Expert, Screenwriter, Speak...	1
Award-Winning Chef, Restaurateur & Author	5
Award-Winning Tax Attorney, Entrepreneur, Donafy App Co-Founde...	2
Award-Winning Travel Journalist, Royal Expert and Commentator	1
Award-Winning Writer, Filmmaker	8
Award-winning Author and Speaker	14
Award-winning Author, 'Scarred: A Memoir', Kidnap Survivor, Wr...	1
Award-winning Designer	1
Award-winning Food and Fashion Journalist, Expert seen on Good...	10
Award-winning Journalist	6
Award-winning Journalist, Author of "Distracted"	2
Award-winning Spiritual Mentor, Author, Host of the Popular Am...	13
Award-winning Writer, Speaker, & Strategist	1
Award-winning actress, author and activist	1
Award-winning actress, entrepreneur, TV/Video producer, public...	8
Award-winning architect and interior designer	3
Award-winning artist	1
Award-winning author and professional speaker	1
Award-winning author and speaker on business communications sk...	3
Award-winning author and teacher	3
Award-winning author of Autism and the God Connection	2
Award-winning author of The Fear and Anxiety Solution	2
Award-winning author of the memoir Riding Fury Home.	1
Award-winning author of visionary and literary fiction, essays...	6
Award-winning author, host of the "Explore Your Spirit with Ka...	1
Award-winning author, social commentator, professor, activist,...	4
Award-winning blogger at "An Empowered Spirit"	4
Award-winning budget travel site, Nomadic Matt's Travel Site	9
Award-winning chef and author	15
Award-winning chef, lodge owner and author	2
Award-winning child nutrition expert	3
Award-winning comic, actress, author, creative coach, and soci...	3
Award-winning conductor, writer, producer and educator.	1
Award-winning filmmaker and founder, PhD Productions	1
Award-winning former reporter for the Chicago Sun Times and Ar...	1
Award-winning humor writer, art law journalist and lawyer	1
Award-winning humor writer, blogger and viral content creator	4
Award-winning humorist and former National Lampoon editor, Ste...	1
Award-winning jewelry designer; GIA-certified gemologist	14
Award-winning journalist and anchor, Raising America With ...	1
Award-winning journalist and author.	4
Award-winning journalist and comedic genius behind the humor b...	3
Award-winning journalist and editor	1
Award-winning landscape designer	1
Award-winning magician, author	1
Award-winning memoirist and editor	5
Award-winning novelist	1
Award-winning photographer	4
Award-winning screenwriter, humorist,  blogger and marketing c...	2
Award-winning singer-songwriter and author of "Kick-Ass Creati...	1
Award-winning wedding photographer	3
Award-winning writer, Midlife at the Oasis	4
Award-winning writer, editor, and cultural journalist	1
Awareness, Mindfulness and Culture Consultant, Functional Life...	6
Awkward Brit	1
Ayurvedic and yogic therapist and author	20
B2B | CEO | CMO | Author | Speaker	1
BLACK VOICES	4583
BRAND MARKETING & PR STRATEGIST; ARTIST DEVELOPMENT & MANAGEMENT	1
BRIDES	23
BU Class of 2015, science communicator and Aspiring Archaeologist	3
BUSINESS	5991
Baby Name Wizard	9
Backyard beekeeper and small egg producer	2
Balance Expert, Author 'Are You a Mule or a Queen'	1
Balloon Boy Politics: The Media's Embrace of Birth Contracalypse 2012: The new supposed "culture war" may have captured the fevered imagination of the press corps, but not the electorate -- 71 percent of which still says the economy is the most important problem facing America. READ MORE	1
Bandele is the Vice President & Chief Partnership and Equity O...	2
Bandleader	2
Barrie Davenport is a life passion coach, author, and founder ...	2
Baseball blogger	1
Bay Area Writer and Editor	1
Beauty Director, Sonya Dakar Skincare	5
Beauty and fashion blogger	1
Beauty and lifestyle writer	2
Beer Discoverer, Travel Operator, Importer, Blogger	1
Beer writer and educator	3
Behavioral Neurologist, Author of the Memory Clinic	1
Behavioral/Developmental Pediatrician/Author	7
Being yourself while being a parent at AskMoxie.org	13
Belizean Blogger and Internet Entrepreneur	2
Benjamin Orbach founded America's Unofficial Ambassadors and i...	1
Berkeley activist and writer; Quaker; retired technologist.	1
Berlin-based DSLR film makers, authors and journalists.	2
Berlin-based journalist and travel writer	6
Best Selling Author // Coach & Founder, Second Story Writer's ...	1
Best Selling Author of Filthy Still - A Tale of Travel, sex an...	10
Best Selling Author, Award Winning Composer and Producer	8
Best Selling Author, Life Coach	13
Best selling Author, Speaker, Coach, and Mojo Maker	1
Best selling author (http://www.amazon.com/-/e/B001H6WCK2) Eri...	2
Best selling author, TV political analyst, communications and ...	4
Best selling author, podcaster and traveler	7
Best selling lottery and structured settlement expert	32
Best-Selling Author & Sales Strategist	1
Best-Selling Author, International Entrepreneur Coach, Teacher	12
Best-Selling Author, Speaker, Strategic Consultant, Founder Da...	11
Best-Selling Author, Spiritual Medium	5
Best-Selling Author, World-Class Speaker, Global CEO	1
Best-Selling Cookbook Author, Chef, Motivational Speaker	23
Best-selling Author of "The Sweet Spot" & "Raising Happiness" ...	20
Best-selling Author, Blogger & Motivational Speaker	1
Best-selling Author/Speech & Media Coach/Playwright	1
Best-selling author, You Must Write a Book and The Divorced Ph...	12
Best-selling author, marriage therapist , TEDx speaker and Fou...	3
Best-selling author, psychotherapist, VP@MindBodyNetwork.com	2
Best-selling author, public speaker, and the internationally a...	3
Best-selling author, seminar leader and co-creator of Inner Bo...	84
Bestselling Author of Augmented, Founder of Moven	1
Bestselling Author, Carry On, Warrior and Founder of Momastery	18
Bestselling Author, Environmental Health Advocate, Healthy Hom...	3
Bestselling Author, Internet Entrepreneur, Founder of Netconcepts	5
Bestselling Author, The Angel in My Pocket	2
Bestselling Author, Trainer, Blogger, Mom to a multi-species h...	10
Bestselling Author, Yoga and Meditation Teacher	1
Bestselling Author, motivational cattle prod	1
Bestselling Romance Author, Mom of Teens, Licensed Inventor, B...	4
Bestselling author	6
Bestselling author and TV Contributor	1
Bestselling author and personal transformation expert	1
Bestselling author and teacher. www.markmatousek.com	6
Bestselling author of Men, Money & Chocolate.	30
Bestselling author of Survival Investing: How to Prosper Amid ...	12
Bestselling author of relationship books/American University p...	8
Bestselling author, leadership advisor, cofounder of Teleos Le...	2
Bestselling author, television host	2
Bestselling business author, serial entrepreneur, and venture ...	1
Bestselling cookbook author	1
Better Policies for Better Lives	1
Beyond Celiac CEO	2
Bi-national culinary author, Athens-based columnist	1
Big-Wave Surfer	1
Bills Chick at ChicksInTheHuddle.com	1
Biologist, Author, and Consultant on Climate Change and Popula...	12
Birthing From Within Mentor & Advisor, Pregnancy and Birth Con...	3
Bitter, yet lovable, music snob; Worried philosopher	1
Bjorn Lomborg is director of the Copenhagen Consensus Center, ...	1
Black Mesa Water Coalition	1
Black feminist writer and PhD candidate	3
Blended Family Blogger; Passionate about my marriage, my kids ...	10
Blitzing with high glamour, drag irreverence, danceable beats,...	2
Blog Editor	4
Blog Editor, Huffington Post	4
Blog coordinator, Babble.com	1
Blog that encourages U.S. travel	17
Blog writer, 'Wedbits'; Contributor, 'Wedding Ideas Magazine'	4
Blogger	26
Blogger & Author, "Dad Or Alive"	6
Blogger & Co-Founder, Here and Sphere	1
Blogger & Social Media Consultant	3
Blogger (selfworthdiet.com)/Comedian/Author/Journalist/Advocate	2
Blogger + Mom of twins; Author, public relations expert, socia...	9
Blogger and Author, "The Real Alice in Wonderland"	4
Blogger and Editor, 3 Things For Mom	1
Blogger and Founder of Accordingtodna.com	24
Blogger and Social Activist	1
Blogger and author	5
Blogger and cartoonist at Chump Lady	17
Blogger and educator	2
Blogger and essayist	1
Blogger and makeup artist	1
Blogger and partner of a trans woman	1
Blogger and photographer, Buns In My Oven	2
Blogger and photographer, Ottsworld.com	2
Blogger and stylist	2
Blogger and vlogger based in NYC	1
Blogger and vlogger.	3
Blogger at "No Idea What I'm Doing: A Daddy Blog"	2
Blogger at I Listen to Everything; Senior talent executive for...	1
Blogger at RelaxedMama	5
Blogger at SpecialNeedsMom.com	16
Blogger at TheUnlost.com	1
Blogger at sandraglen.wordpress.com	3
Blogger at weepingoak.wordpress.com	1
Blogger at www.hungryhealthyhappy.com	1
Blogger at www.perilsofdivorcedpauline.com	23
Blogger from Western Michigan	1
Blogger on arts, education, culture	1
Blogger on law, gender, and race	1
Blogger, "Adult Onset Atheist"	2
Blogger, "Brittany, Herself"	8
Blogger, "Busy Mockingbird"	2
Blogger, "Daddy Diary"	1
Blogger, "From One Mother To Another" - Jodi Ciampa	2
Blogger, "Mom-101"	4
Blogger, "Pacing the Panic Room"	1
Blogger, "The Kids Made Me Fat"	8
Blogger, #FreeAnissa	1
Blogger, 'Free From Broke' and 'Credit Card Smarts'	1
Blogger, 'Gay Girl Revolution'	1
Blogger, 'Preemie Babies 101'	1
Blogger, 52 Brand New	1
Blogger, 9 Lives for Women	1
Blogger, Amalah.com	1
Blogger, AmyWest.co	1
Blogger, Arched Eyebrow	2
Blogger, Author of "Double Time: How I Survived--and Mostly Th...	3
Blogger, Binkies and Briefcases	2
Blogger, Brucenomics.com	3
Blogger, Co-founder of KidzVuz.com	2
Blogger, Columnist, Carbohydratist	2
Blogger, Creating Motherhood	1
Blogger, DadandBuried.com	22
Blogger, DaddysInCharge.com, Dadsroundtable.com	9
Blogger, Dating Dementia	1
Blogger, Dating in the Odyssey Years	1
Blogger, Dear “Old” Dad	6
Blogger, Dooce.com	1
Blogger, Estately Real Estate Search	15
Blogger, Flourish in Progress	3
Blogger, Founder of CureWear	1
Blogger, George.Jessie.Love	2
Blogger, GoExploreNature.com	2
Blogger, Growing Sideways	12
Blogger, HowToBeADad.com	1
Blogger, I Am Michael, Hear Me Rohrer	1
Blogger, I Love Them the Most When They're Sleeping	9
Blogger, It's Not About Nutrition	5
Blogger, Jennyonthespot.com	2
Blogger, JessicaGottlieb.com	1
Blogger, Kissing The Frog	3
Blogger, KludgyMom	1
Blogger, Last Mom On Earth	8
Blogger, Lillian's Test Kitchen	2
Blogger, Livinginanutshell.com	1
Blogger, MamaPundit	2
Blogger, Marketing executive	1
Blogger, Men After Divorce	1
Blogger, MeritalBliss.com	25
Blogger, Mommy Blog	2
Blogger, Mommy Greenest	26
Blogger, MommyWTF.com	1
Blogger, Motherhood, WTF?	1
Blogger, MyFabulousDisease.com; author, 'A Place Like This'	4
Blogger, Naps Happen	1
Blogger, NinjaMomBlog.com	3
Blogger, Palestine-Israel Journal	1
Blogger, Parent, Community Manager	6
Blogger, ParisDejaVu	2
Blogger, PetitVogue.com	1
Blogger, Photographer, www.bubandteebs.com	6
Blogger, Pregnant Chicken	2
Blogger, Rage Against the Minivan	16
Blogger, RandomHandprints.com; Partner, SandlerWald.com	6
Blogger, Renegade Mothering	1
Blogger, Seoul Searching	3
Blogger, Simple Lovely	1
Blogger, Starting Over at 24	1
Blogger, Suburban Snapshots	5
Blogger, Taster Tots L.A.	1
Blogger, The Adventures of Anti-Wheat Girl	2
Blogger, The Clueless Puppy Owner	2
Blogger, The Divine Secrets Of A Domestic Diva	2
Blogger, The Middle That Counts	1
Blogger, The Non-Consumer Advocate	6
Blogger, The Peaceful Mom	1
Blogger, TheParkerFive and co-founder, safeandsoundschools.org...	4
Blogger, TheViewAtMidlife.com	2
Blogger, To Stay or to Go?	1
Blogger, Travel Writer, Television Host	1
Blogger, TravelByts	1
Blogger, Underachiever's Guide To Being A Domestic Goddess	2
Blogger, Writer, Mom	3
Blogger, Writer, Producer, Host, Brand Consultant	10
Blogger, author	2
Blogger, bluegrassredhead.com	2
Blogger, cancer survivor	1
Blogger, cancerinmythirties.wordpress.com	1
Blogger, freelance writer, self-confessed pop culture junkie	2
Blogger, graphic designer, illustrator & dad	3
Blogger, jenngeedee.wordpress.com	8
Blogger, josetteplank.com	1
Blogger, mother, Stage 4 cancer fighter	2
Blogger, pleiadesbee.com	6
Blogger, roundseventeen.blogspot.com	1
Blogger, social worker, CASA volunteer	1
Blogger, stay-at-home dad	2
Blogger, talk radio host, father of twins	2
Blogger, teaandsnippets.com	1
Blogger, two-time cancer survivor	5
Blogger, writer and editor: www.myfirstwordwasshoe.com Editori...	1
Blogger, writer, and cancer thriver	2
Blogger, www.SheIsMoments.com	2
Blogger, www.kellidaisy.com	1
Blogger, www.lindleypless.com	1
Blogger, www.thewilderthings.com	2
Blogger; speaker; ambassador for the spinal cord injury community	2
Bloggers	5
Bloggers on 21st-century citizenship	1
Bloggger, Outlawmama.com	6
Blogging for a prosperous, climate-friendly future. http://get...	4
Blogging here since '07	4
Blooger, wondermentetc.com	1
Bloomberg News Editor and Author of "Saving My Knees: How I Pr...	1
BnBFinder	20
Board Certified Obstetrician	1
Board Certified in Internal Medicine	4
Board Chair, American Foundation for Suicide Prevention	1
Board Chair, DC Advocates for the Arts	1
Board Member, Children's Brain Tumor Foundation And Jenna's Ra...	1
Board member of the Trans United Fund	5
Board of Directors, Chicagoland Chapter of Autism Speaks	3
Board, National Issues Forums Institute and Senior Fellow, Pub...	1
Board-Certified Family Physician	1
Board-Certified Nutritionist; Author, 'The Fat Flush Plan'	2
Board-Certified Psychiatrist, Spiritual Psychotherapist, Autho...	3
Board-certified Oncologist/Hematologist	3
Board-certified bariatric physician	12
Board-certified gastroenterologist and internist, Medical Cont...	1
Board-certified internist; author, 'Pee-Shy' and 'Advocate Gui...	2
Board-certified orthopaedic specialist; Partner, Physical Ther...	5
Board-certified plastic surgeon	1
Board-certified radiologist; Author, 'A World Without Cancer,'...	4
Board-certified sleep specialist; Chairman of the Board of the...	3
Bob and I have been best friends for 20 years and we both know how lucky we are to have our friendship. It developed organically and with permission from our spouses.	1
Bocuse d'Or USA Captain 2013; Executive Chef and Director of F...	1
Body image advocate at Fat Girl, PhD.	3
Bon Appetit	75
BookFilter creator	27
Books and Culture Reporter, HuffPost	1
Boston University Ph.D. candidate, co-founder of the Future of...	1
Boston blogger & Britpop girl	3
Boston native and founder of SittingAround.com	1
Boston-based writer, comedy and music junky	6
Both leaders will pursue executive action to fulfill their pledges. As Kerry Brown writes, Xi's decision is binding within China because a long process of consultation and consensus building within the Communist Party stands behind it. What Obama can do is up for grabs. No sooner did the pledge escape his lips than the incoming Republican majority leaders in the U.S. Congress make their own pledge to block Obama by any means necessary.  	1
BranAppetit	1
Brand Storyteller l Fitness Enthusiast	5
Brand advocate, corporate leader, Chinese consumer expert	3
Bread & Salt Hospitality	2
Breaking down rock, pop, indie, and more!	2
Breastfeeding and pumping advocate, mother of two and business...	5
Brenda Peterson Books	4
Brian D'Ambrosio is a journalist, poet and author. His next bo...	2
Bridal Designer, Amsale	4
Bridal Expert and Founder, Lisa Leonard Designs	1
Bridal Guide expert; Author	2
Bridal Guide has all the How-To-for-I-Do you can handle! Wheth...	53
Bridal blogger at Wedding Party	4
Bridges bring understanding, they bring empathy, but they bring change."	1
British polar explorer	6
British-born writer and author of Out With It: How Stutter...	1
Broadcast journalist and radio host, WGY 810 & 103.1 in Albany...	1
Broadcaster, Biologist	15
Broadcaster, journalist, BBC	1
Broadway performer and writer	1
Bronston Jones sees the world as a stand-up comedian and a hum...	1
Brooklyn Freelancer	1
Brooklyn, New York	2
Bruce E. Levine, a practicing clinical psychologist, writes an...	1
Buddhist teacher, author and performer	1
Builder of Communities for: cities, tech, & women of color.	1
Building. Business. Relationships. Yes, the belt guy from Shar...	6
Business Development Coordinator, W&T Seafood	1
Business Psychologist; Stress Resilience Expert; Author of Suc...	1
Business Week hailed Ms. Owades as a "Best Entrepreneur," honoring her for "changing the way we buy flowers."	1
Business and Career Transition Coach	2
Business coach; professional organizer; spiritual butt-kicker!...	1
Business psychologist, psychotherapist & writer; director, Cen...	16
Business, Media + Culture Writer	3
Business, Technology, Politics & Rock 'n Roll Journalist	4
Businessman, Entrepreneur, Author, "Man Shoes"	3
But Bill Heenan had the nagging feeling that his daughter was also one of the losers in the decision.	1
But I digress...	4
But a visit to Tokyo this week by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- during which she noted how her country had accepted culpability for its WWII fascist aggression in a way that Japan has not -- also highlights how the past still shadows the present -- and the future -- in Asia. (In Europe also the past has returned from another angle as Greece is demanding reparations from Germany). (continued)	1
But dreaming of the morrow's Herculean eatin'.	1
But hey, we reasoned: We're progressive. Plus, the number one tip for clearing up baby acne is to dab on a little "liquid gold," as new mothers call it.	1
But that wasn't always the case.	1
But you know what my favorite upside is? The ability to take a picture at any given moment. No, I'm not talking about catching a nominee for the 'People of Wal-Mart' blog; I'm talking about taking pictures of my kids.	1
But, then what?	1
Buzz buzz buzz at 6:00 a.m., get up -- there are so many things to be done.	1
By the time I was married a year, the ring was safely in a jewelry box and I have not worn it since.	1
C1 Revolution	1
CBS News Broadcast Associate, Certified Life Coach	3
CBS News Travel Editor	28
CBS news correspondent	1
CCHT; founder, Trancebreakers.com	2
CEO	1
CEO  Advisor, President of The Dieken Group, Bestselling Autho...	4
CEO & Co-Founder of Alchimie Forever	24
CEO & Co-Founder, UrbanSitter	7
CEO & Co-founder of SharpBrains.com	5
CEO & Founder TheHappyMD.com	11
CEO & Founder of Clark's Botanicals	1
CEO & Founder of Costa Rica Expeditions	1
CEO & Founder of Dream University	10
CEO & Founder, Borrowed Wisdom; Author of forthcoming book Tir...	2
CEO & Founder, Hampton Creek	2
CEO & Founder, PsychArmor Institute; LMFT, LPCC	1
CEO & President, Spirit Airlines	1
CEO - Creative Director - U2R1 Media	1
CEO - Stigma Fighters	14
CEO DivorceHotel International	6
CEO Growing Bolder and Bolder Broadcasting Inc.	1
CEO Human Power Project	6
CEO Our Ability, Inc.; Quad Amputee; Author; Speaker; Finding ...	1
CEO PeakPlate.com, foodie, activist, Photographer, writer	1
CEO and Chairman of Rodale, Inc. and book author	251
CEO and Chairman, Mobilewalla	1
CEO and Co-Founder, TheSuitest	1
CEO and Co-founder New York Natives and Best Selling Author	1
CEO and Co-founder, CustomMade.com	3
CEO and Designer, Tory Burch	2
CEO and Editor-in-Chief, Shriver Report	1
CEO and Founder of CatalystCreativ, Curator at Life is Beautif...	18
CEO and Founder of FlexJobs	3
CEO and Founder of sumbody and author of 'Look Great Live Green'	8
CEO and Founder, Corps Team	4
CEO and Founder, Phalen Leadership Academies and Summer Advant...	5
CEO and Founder, TalkSession, Inc.	1
CEO and Founder, Teach First	1
CEO and Founder, The Modern Village	1
CEO and Founder, The Salup Group, Co-Founder FIT+LOVE	1
CEO and Founder, Tradesy.com	5
CEO and co-founder of Fit Bottomed Girls	5
CEO and co-founder, GV Financial Advisors; Author, 'Wealth &am...	5
CEO and co-founder, meQuilibrium	1
CEO at Xpat Media and blogger at  Xpat Matt	3
CEO for UK, Ireland and South Africa, Teleperformance	1
CEO in the Healthcare Education Industry	1
CEO of Access Trips, Exploring Culture Through Cuisine	4
CEO of CARE	1
CEO of Country Risk Solutions and widely published author on c...	1
CEO of Extend Fertility	4
CEO of Getting Smart	2
CEO of Hashtracking, Inc & Publisher Momfluential & Supernatur...	1
CEO of InterAction	2
CEO of Intuitive Intelligence and Internal Medicine physician	2
CEO of Leaders For Non Profits (L4NP)	1
CEO of PATH, Publisher of PoveryInsights.org	10
CEO of Penny and Mary	6
CEO of Rich20Something	1
CEO of Scuba Diver Life	2
CEO of Seeker Health, writer, student of mindfulness and humanity	4
CEO of ShareProgress, Co-Founder of Universal Income Project	1
CEO of Steinberg Sports & Entertainment	3
CEO of The Rudin Group - a wealth marketing firm	5
CEO of Varsity Tutors	4
CEO of engageSimply	1
CEO of investment adviser and wealth manager HIP Investor Inc.	1
CEO, Accelerated Alignment & Founder, The Conscious Business N...	3
CEO, American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt	1
CEO, American Forests	1
CEO, American Heart Association	29
CEO, American Wind Energy Association	1
CEO, Astonish Media Group	1
CEO, Author, Speaker	2
CEO, Banking Up	2
CEO, BeautifulPeople	1
CEO, Benchmark Communications, Inc.; chairman, The Creating WE...	8
CEO, Betterment.com	4
CEO, Bipolar Advantage; author, 'Bipolar In Order'	4
CEO, Born Free USA	1
CEO, Brain Resource	1
CEO, Breakwater Equity Partners	1
CEO, BridesView	2
CEO, CNS Response, Inc.	1
CEO, CardHub.com & WalletHub.com	5
CEO, Chief Creative Officer, Q Media Partners	1
CEO, CivicScience	3
CEO, Common Sense Media, Chairman and Co-Founder, Next Generat...	3
CEO, Consumers Union; Publisher, Consumer Reports	1
CEO, Crane.tv	4
CEO, Creative Expansions Inc.	13
CEO, Credit Union National Association	3
CEO, Daddyhunt App, MR X App, KNKI App	3
CEO, Dress for Success Worldwide	1
CEO, Explore Mars	1
CEO, Feeding America West Michigan Food Bank	1
CEO, Founder, IHadCancer.com	3
CEO, Frame Health	1
CEO, Gay Men's Health Crisis (GMHC)	2
CEO, Global Coalition on Aging	1
CEO, Good Clean Fun Production Company	1
CEO, GoodRx	1
CEO, Great Performances	10
CEO, GreatNonprofits	2
CEO, Havas PR North America	4
CEO, I Drive Safely	1
CEO, Indie Lee & Co	10
CEO, Institute for High-Character Leadership	4
CEO, Iridium Communications, Inc.	1
CEO, Janis Spindel Serious Matchmaking, Inc.	9
CEO, Julep Beauty	1
CEO, Keas	1
CEO, Likeable Local	1
CEO, Lisa M. Dietlin and Associates, Inc., philanthropic advis...	1
CEO, Manatt Digital Media	1
CEO, MarryMeAlready.com	1
CEO, Millward Brown Vermeer	1
CEO, Moda Operandi	2
CEO, National Diaper Bank Network	4
CEO, National Foundation to End Senior Hunger	1
CEO, NerdWallet	10
CEO, Ocean Conservancy	1
CEO, Pawngo	1
CEO, PreK12 Plaza and Social Entrepreneur	1
CEO, Published Author and Celebrity	6
CEO, Redbubble	1
CEO, Sense Health	1
CEO, Shades of Success, Inc.	1
CEO, Southeast Asia, Havas Worldwide	2
CEO, Speakers and Authors Networking Group	1
CEO, Teamstream Productions	1
CEO, Techbook Online Corporation	1
CEO, Texas Children's Hospital	1
CEO, The Creative Class Group & Best-Selling Author, Upgrade	15
CEO, The Global Leadership Institute	3
CEO, The Underwear Expert	28
CEO, Varkey GEMS Foundation	1
CEO, Walk In My Closet	3
CEO, Wholebeing Institute	4
CEO, ZanaAfrica Foundation	1
CEO, author and entrepreneur	1
CEO, co-founder of SaveUp	1
CEO, nChain Group; Bitcoin Cash enthusiast; digital tech execu...	11
CEO, speaker, author and renowned coach, Camille ignites leade...	1
CEO. Entrepreneur. Do-Gooder.	1
CEO. Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation	1
CEO. Thought Leader. Disaster Expert. Do-Gooder. Does it all w...	1
CEO/Co-founder of Clippings.com	1
CEO/Founder, CloudNician LLC	1
CEO/Founder, WAT-AAH!	1
CEO/Owner, Katie Lance Consulting	1
CEO/President KIVU Gap Year	17
CEO@Harley&Co - Strategy and Creative Firm	1
CFA, MoneyRates.com	37
CMO - OMMediaGroup.com	2
CMO of Velti, Co-Founder of Mobclix	1
CMO/VP Marketing Leader for Disruptive Innovators	1
COLLEGE	1144
COMEDY	5400
CONSULTANT, C-LEVEL ADVISOR, AUTHOR, SPEAKER	17
COO at Exclusively Weddings	1
COO, CEO, and Creative Director of Mischievous Studios	1
COO, Co-Founder, Neurocern	8
COO, Superior Solutions	1
CPA	7
CPA and certified financial planner	1
CPA, Author, personal finance expert and small business champion	7
CRIME	3562
CTO @ The Huffington Post, Blogger	42
CTO and Co-Founder @Spire; UX/UI Designer; Soccer player	1
CULTURE & ARTS	1074
CafeMom is the meting place for moms	100
Caffeine and news-addicted sales consultant	1
California-based writer	1
Cambridge graduate student	1
Cameron Frye	2
Campaign Director, MomsRising	1
Campaign Director, MomsRising.org	1
Campaign consultant	8
Campus Editor-at-Large, Wesleyan University	1
Can China's effort succeed without active public engagement? Can Mexico learn from China and move from angry protest to systemic change? (continued)	1
Can there be a reason for this perception? I've discovered three scientific theories that shine a little light on this mysterious experience.	1
Canada's #1 Female Entrepreneur	1
Canada’s Newest Parenting Destination!	2
Canadian travel journalist	15
Canadian-American writer	1
Cancer Crusher and Writer	2
Cancer survivor and blogger	5
Cancer survivor, coach for people with cancer and editor of 'O...	2
Cancer survivor, doc film producer, adventure guide, researcher	4
Cancer veteran, labor organizer, dog lover	3
Cancerhawk.com	1
Candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, For...	1
Captain, 2012 U.S. Olympic Swim Team	1
Captain, USMC	2
Cardiologist, Author	8
Cardiologist, Author, Founder Of Revitalize-U	11
Cardiologist; Professor of Biomedical Sciences, University of ...	1
Care for Kenya	1
Career Coach	2
Career Coach, Author, Professional Speaker	25
Caribbean travel expert/Black-belt international shopper	7
Carlota Zimmerman, J.D., Success Strategist	1
Carpenter, Musician, Writer	1
Cartoonist	1
Cartoonist for The New Yorker, Co-creator of "Gosling and Book...	2
Cartoonist, Children's Illustrator/Author	2
Caves are places to hibernate. It's time to wake up.	1
Celebrity Fitness Trainer, Strength and Conditioning Coach	4
Celebrity Hair Stylist	15
Celebrity Hair Stylist and Visual Artist	3
Celebrity Makeup Artist; Song Writer; New Yorker	7
Celebrity Party Planner, Best-Selling Book Author and Wedding ...	1
Celebrity Stylist and CEO, Ziba Beauty	1
Celebrity Trainer,  Published Author and Philanthropist	3
Celebrity Yoga and Pilates Instructor, Fitness Expert	8
Celebrity chef	1
Celebrity chef, television host, author	1
Celebrity divorce lawyer	1
Celebrity event designer	1
Celebrity event planner	1
Celebrity fashion stylist & author	11
Celebrity hairstylist	2
Celebrity nutrition, fitness, and mindset expert	17
Celebrity stylist and television personality	1
Celebrity trainer	1
Celebrity wedding and event producer	1
Center for Investigative Reporting	1
Center for Science and Democracy, Union of Concerned Scientists	1
Center for Western Priorities	1
Certified Addiction Specialist, MFA Theatre, Sociologist	1
Certified Divorce Coach, Dating Coach and Matchmaker	1
Certified Financial Planner	1
Certified Health Coach, Author, Radio Host (Fearless Fabulous ...	2
Certified Health Coach, Speaker, Author, Trainer	4
Certified Health Coach, author, "Good Better Best: Simple Ways...	1
Certified Housing Counselor	1
Certified Integral Coach	2
Certified Life Coach/Relationships	1
Certified Marriage Coach and Founder, The Groom's List	1
Certified Master Fitness Coach/Early Childhood Educator/Owner,...	2
Certified Personal Trainer, Owner of Bodyworks for Total Healt...	6
Certified Sex and Relationship Therapist	1
Certified Shorthand Reporter in Illinois	1
Certified Spinning(TM) and YogaFit(TM) Instructor	1
Certified Strength & Conditioning Specialist, Powerlifting & S...	4
Certified Wedding Consultant in NYC servicing the North and So...	4
Certified Wellness Coach	1
Certified addictions & eating disorders specialist, author	2
Certified family parenting expert, popular radio host, TV pers...	2
Certified health coach and emotional eating expert.	1
Certified life and leadership coach, momma, gal about town	10
Certified life coach and founder, Be You and Be Fearless Life ...	2
Certified nutrition and detox specialist and author	1
Certified personal trainer	5
Certified spiritual counselor	1
Certified stepfamily coach and author	4
Chair of Cultural Anthropology, Duke University	1
Chair of the Aspen Institute's Middle East Programs and Senior...	1
Chair of the Board for the Global Alliance for Rabies Control	1
Chair, Associate Professor, LIU-Post	1
Chair, CA Democratic Party Women's Caucus	3
Chair, DSM-5 Task Force; Professor of Psychiatry at the Univer...	5
Chair, Mobile Future	1
Chair, National Alumni Leadership Council Caron Treatment Centers	1
Chair, Religious Affairs Committee, Pratt Institute	2
Chairman & CEO	1
Chairman Emeritus, Young & Rubicam; Author, 'The Constant Choice'	1
Chairman and CEO of Quiet Logistics	1
Chairman of the Board, CASAColumbia	1
Chairman of the Department of Integrative Medicine, Beth Israe...	2
Chairman, American Institute of Stress	1
Chairman, Founder and CEO of LendingTree	3
Chairman, Generation Investment Management and The Climate Rea...	2
Chairman, New Profit.  Vice Chairman UN Secretary General's En...	2
Chairman, Partnership to Fight Chronic Disease	1
Chairman, Skoll Centre for Social Entrepreneurship; Director, ...	1
Chairman, US Travel; President/CEO, Las Vegas Convention and V...	2
Challenge Coach - Travel TV Host	1
Chancellor's Professor of Public Policy, University of Califor...	5
Change Management Consultant, Author, Coach, Speaker	1
Changemaker, Rulebreaker, Storyteller	3
Changing diapers, minds and habits, sometimes all in one day	12
Charity trumpeter & fan of the family	8
Charles Howard Candler Professor of Psychology--Emory University	3
Chaser of Intuition and Intention, Life Coach and Yogini at El...	2
Chef	1
Chef & VP of Product Development, LYFE Kitchen Retail	1
Chef Concierge, Waldorf=Astoria/Waldorf Towers	1
Chef Consultant	2
Chef Gino!	1
Chef Homaro Cantu	12
Chef and Author of Exotic Table: Flavors, Inspiration, and Rec...	1
Chef, Author, Bon Vivant	1
Chef, Author, Political Gadabout	1
Chef, Cookbook Author, Busy Mom	61
Chef, TV host	1
Chef, author, owner of Porchetta	1
Chef, food and wine writer, photographer	44
Chef, former journalist, raconteur, fallen aristocrat	2
Chef, husbad, dad	3
Chef, nutritionist, food writer,	6
Chef, writer, author, radio host, screenplay writer, world fam...	5
Chef/Owner Telepan Restaurant, Executive Chef Wellness in the ...	1
Chef; Author; Cultural provocateur	1
Chicago based Fashion/Style Consultant	1
Chicago clinical psychologist, author, teacher	4
Chicago journalist and writer	2
Chicago-based filmmaker	1
Chicago-based writer	1
Chief Academic Officer, MetSchools Inc	1
Chief Business Correspondent, U.S. News and author of 'Rebound...	2
Chief Comfort Officer for Affinia Hotels	2
Chief Content Marketer and Digital Strategist	4
Chief Content Officer, Bottom Line Publications	5
Chief Correspondent, Inside Edition; Author and Attorney	11
Chief Data Officer for the City and County of Philadelphia	1
Chief Development Officer, YMCA of Greater New York	1
Chief Digital Evangelist, Salesforce	11
Chief Digital Officer, IMS Health	3
Chief Disruption Officer	2
Chief Economic Advisor, Allianz	10
Chief Economist, Trulia	17
Chief Editor, Atdaily.com	1
Chief Education Officer at National Geographic Society	5
Chief Energy Officer, LaurieErdman.com; Creator, Burnt Out To ...	2
Chief Evangelist for Water (CEH2O), Buoy Labs Inc.	3
Chief Executive Officer of The King Center	1
Chief Executive Officer, Maxwell Health	1
Chief Executive, Bond	1
Chief Financial Officer at TENTE Casters, Inc. and member of t...	2
Chief HR Officer, Bright Horizons	1
Chief Mamapreneur, Pearl Street Fitness	1
Chief Marketing Officer, Chipotle Mexican Grill	1
Chief Marketing Officer, Cladwell	3
Chief Medical Information Officer	4
Chief Medical Officer for Philips Home Healthcare Solutions	2
Chief Medical Officer, Consano	2
Chief Medical Officer, HealthDay News	5
Chief Medical Officer, New York State Office of Mental Health	31
Chief Millennial Money Strategist - Millennial Money Podcast Host	2
Chief Mom and Co-Founder at Zoobean	7
Chief Operating Officer, FremantleMedia	1
Chief Operating Officer, Turkish Philanthropy Funds	1
Chief Patient Advocate, Rx4good; Board of Directors, Critical ...	4
Chief Possibility Officer and High Performance Coach	2
Chief Program Officer, Natural Resources Defense Council	1
Chief Program Officer, New Politics Leadership Academy	1
Chief Program and Strategy Officer, the de Beaumont Foundation	1
Chief Public Policy Officer YouthBuild USA	1
Chief Public Policy Officer, AARP	1
Chief Reinventor @ TheReinventionExchange.com and President of...	1
Chief Revenue Officer, AOL	1
Chief Science Officer, Autism Speaks	1
Chief Storyteller @Storytellers for Good	1
Chief Storyteller of GoZen! Anxiety Relief Programs for Kids	4
Chief Strategy and Brand Officer, Bon Appetit Management Company	3
Chief Sustainability Officer, City of Los Angeles. pLAn.lamayo...	2
Chief Sustainability Officer, SCGH.com	3
Chief Tax Officer, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service	27
Chief Visionary Officer, Dr. Susan Love Research Foundation	6
Chief Washington Correspondent, MSNBC	1
Chief clinical officer for behavioral health, Carolinas Health...	1
Chief jewelry buyer, Revere Jewels	1
Chief lyricist and least untalented singer, The Kinsey Sicks	1
Chief of Breast Surgery, Mount Sinai; Co-Director, Dubin Breas...	1
Chief of Craniofacial Surgery at MGH as well as operating his ...	12
Chief of Hoperations	1
Chief of Integrative Health Services at Centinela Animal Hospi...	6
Chief of Staff, NavHealth	1
Chief, Gynecologic Cancer and Breast Cancer Services, UCSD Dep...	1
Child advocate, who is a father of 4, President of @First_Focu...	1
Child and Adolescent Psychiatrist; President, Child Mind Insti...	8
Child and Adolescent Psychotherapist and Author	12
Child and adolescent psychiatrist and author, 'The Birth of Ne...	1
Child development and behavior specialist, author, wife, mom, ...	19
Child educational psychologist, Author, and International Work...	1
Children's book author, life coach and founder of 4 Sunflowers...	3
Children’s and Teens Book Editor, Amazon.com	1
China Hands Magazine offers news and analysis related to Chine...	1
Chiropractor	2
Chiropractor, certified fitness trainer, educator	3
Chocolate & Carrots	2
Christian theist	8
Christian, Elder, Business Owner, Adjunct Professor	1
Christina Rasmussen is the author of Second Firsts: Live, Laug...	2
Christine Arylo is a best-selling author & founder of the inte...	2
Chuck Gomez is a playwright and former Emmy Award-winning jour...	7
Citation Analyst, Thomson Reuters	1
Civil Rights Attorney	1
Civil rights attorney, educator, radio host, small business ow...	5
Claire Shipman	1
Claire is an international educator, published author and nonp...	13
Classically trained singer, turned stay-at-home-mom, turned wr...	1
Clean Plates provides engaging, actionable, delicious healthy ...	1
Climate and Energy at the ClimateWorks Foundation. All Views m...	3
Climate change expert, World Wildlife Fund	1
Climate change writer and activist	2
Climatologist and Adjunct Professor, Columbia University Earth...	2
Clinic Director and Founder, Sports Therapy and Rehabilitation...	1
Clinical Assistant Professor of Medicine	5
Clinical Associate Professor of Psychology at Weill Medical Co...	13
Clinical Associate Professor, Graduate School of Professional ...	1
Clinical Counselor, Mental Health Consultant, and Author	3
Clinical Dietician, Kings County Hospital Center; Co-host/foun...	1
Clinical Director of Adult Programs and Education at OUR HOUSE...	6
Clinical Neuropsychologist; Lecturer on Psychology, Dept. of P...	3
Clinical Nutritionist, Health Coach, Weight Loss Coach,  and Chef	1
Clinical Professor of Law; Director, Work-Life Law and Policy ...	2
Clinical Professor of Medicine, Stanford University	23
Clinical Professor of Neurology, Downstate Medical Center; Att...	5
Clinical Professor of Psychiatry, Georgetown Medical School	1
Clinical Psychologist	85
Clinical Psychologist & Author, 'The Conscious Parent' and Out...	8
Clinical Psychologist and Author of Tinderbox	3
Clinical Psychologist and College Professor	1
Clinical Psychologist and Parenting Specialist	3
Clinical Psychologist and author	12
Clinical Psychologist specializing in CBT for Anxiety, OCD and...	5
Clinical Psychologist, Author	3
Clinical Psychologist, Author and Radio Host	10
Clinical Psychologist, Author, and Associate Professor	6
Clinical Psychologist, Mindfulness Teacher, Celebrity Mental H...	6
Clinical Psychologist; Board Certified Sleep Specialist	98
Clinical Psychology graduate student. Jungian. Energy medicine...	1
Clinical Social Worker, Meditation Teacher, Progress Businessman	2
Clinical health psychologist; Author, 'Greedy for Life'	5
Clinical nutritionist, Author	11
Clinical psychologist	22
Clinical psychologist and author	1
Clinical psychologist and developer of hypnotic audio products.	2
Clinical psychologist and founder, Mind to Mind Parent	2
Clinical psychologist and marriage counselor for over 40 years...	1
Clinical psychologist and mindfulness teacher	1
Clinical psychologist and relationship analyst	7
Clinical psychologist specializing in anxiety and mood disorde...	5
Clinical psychologist, behavioral scientist, RAND Corp.	3
Clinical psychologist, comic and author	15
Clinical psychologist, father, author, blogger, and collector ...	3
Clinical psychologist, meditation teacher and author	31
Clinical psychologist, school consultant and author	2
Clinical psychologist; Author 'Emotional First Aid'	12
Clinical psychologist; Author, 'Your Next Big Thing: 10 Small ...	17
Clinical psychotherapist; founder and executive director, Nati...	2
Club and radio DJ; author, 'Born This Way' blog and book	1
Co Founder of The Pollination Project	2
Co- Founder of Soak Sandals and Michelle Vale	3
Co- Founders of PEAS (PRIVATE EDUCATION ADVISORY SERVICE)	2
Co-Anchor, Weekend TODAY	1
Co-Author of A Reason to Read: Linking Literacy and the Arts	1
Co-Author of The Learning Habit	3
Co-Author, 'Over You'	1
Co-Author, 'Savor: Mindful Eating, Mindful Life'	9
Co-Author, 'The Serotonin Power Diet'	32
Co-Author, Making Divorce Work	3
Co-Author, with son Alex Tapscott, of Blockchain Revolution (M...	2
Co-Authors, 'Practical Wisdom'	1
Co-CEO, Teach For America	1
Co-Chair of One Billion Acts of Peace	3
Co-Chairman, Sony Pictures	1
Co-Director of Interinclusion.org, Motivational Speaker, Writer	2
Co-Director, LightHouse Personalized Education for Teens	2
Co-Director, Southerners on New Ground (SONG)	2
Co-Executive Producer/Writer, "Sofia the First: Once Upon a Pr...	1
Co-Founder & CEO of WeRecover, the world's first rehab booking...	1
Co-Founder & CEO, Health Yoga Life, www.healthyogalife.com	2
Co-Founder & Chief Creative Officer, ModCloth	1
Co-Founder & Co-President of A Better Balance	1
Co-Founder & Partner, Davis Goldberg & Galper PLLC	1
Co-Founder & Stylist-in-Chief, Style for Hire	1
Co-Founder + CEO at DreamWakers	2
Co-Founder @ Boxspring Entertainment	4
Co-Founder and CEO of Clique Media Group	1
Co-Founder and CEO, FITiST	3
Co-Founder and Chief Development Officer, Enova	1
Co-Founder and Chief Happiness Officer, Happier, Inc.	2
Co-Founder and Chief Mission Officer NQuotient	1
Co-Founder and Editor-in-Chief, The Sports Hero	2
Co-Founder and Executive Director, Charley’s Fund	1
Co-Founder and Managing Editor of The Film Stage	1
Co-Founder and Owner, sustainABILITY simplicated (sAs)	1
Co-Founder and President, IDEA CHAMPIONS	6
Co-Founder of BOLT (live TV & gaming), CMO of Zilliqa (next-ge...	1
Co-Founder of BlackandMarriedWithKids.com	1
Co-Founder of How to be a Redhead	9
Co-Founder of How to be a Redhead and a Fashion and Accessorie...	6
Co-Founder of Parent Footprint, Psychologist, Author	6
Co-Founder of Results Fitness	2
Co-Founder of TheFigCo	3
Co-Founder of Vista Caballo. LLC	1
Co-Founder of WE, social entrepreneur, author and speaker	1
Co-Founder of YogaStart	1
Co-Founder, Awkward Family Photos	1
Co-Founder, BounceBack.com	1
Co-Founder, Co-Chair & CEO, Zagat Survey	1
Co-Founder, Education Connection Advisors	2
Co-Founder, Erickson Beamon	1
Co-Founder, Executive Director A New PATH and Lead Organizer o...	3
Co-Founder, Exist	3
Co-Founder, FashionStake	2
Co-Founder, Flywheel Sports	2
Co-Founder, FoodFight	1
Co-Founder, Fresh	1
Co-Founder, Joint Creator, Breaking Surface	1
Co-Founder, Keas	3
Co-Founder, MissionLean.com	1
Co-Founder, Organic Authority, Inc	28
Co-Founder, Palate Films	4
Co-Founder, Pose	11
Co-Founder, President and CEO, Cableorganizer.com	1
Co-Founder, ServiceSpace.org	3
Co-Founder, Single Stop; Senior Advisor, Stanford Center on Po...	2
Co-Founder, Stagg	1
Co-Founder, The City Traveler	1
Co-Founder, The Half Fund	27
Co-Founder, The Man Registry	6
Co-Founder, Travelista TV	2
Co-Founder/President of Six Chicks, Inc	1
Co-Founders Owl's Brew and Brew Lab Tea	1
Co-Founders, BrooklynStreetArt.com	4
Co-Founders, Zady	1
Co-author (with Elizabeth Dunn), 'Happy Money: The Science of ...	1
Co-author of "The New I Do," journalist, mom	26
Co-author of 'Dumped', a breakup bible for women	1
Co-author, 'Bisexual Health: An Introduction'; speaker on bise...	1
Co-author, 'The Drama Years'	1
Co-author, 'Wasteland,' a new YA trilogy from HarperTeen	1
Co-author, 'Your Brain After Chemo: A Practical Guide to Lifti...	3
Co-author, Love We Can Be Sure Of	6
Co-author, Surviving Marriage & Surviving Parenting in the 21s...	2
Co-creator of Earth Gratitude & author of The Gratitude Game, ...	9
Co-creator, "The People and the Olive" documentary	1
Co-creator, Babygarten	1
Co-creator, The Fear of Being Fabulous (TM)	2
Co-creator, WeBop at Jazz at Lincoln Center	1
Co-director, CODEPINK Women for Peace	1
Co-director, WestEd Center for Child & Family Studies	1
Co-editor, Crimson and Cream Machine	1
Co-editor, Inequality.org, and author, The Rich Don't Always Win	1
Co-editor, The Cassoulet Saved our Marriage and Author, A Doub...	1
Co-editor, The Hollywood Interview.com	1
Co-founder & CEO, The Food Revolution Network	5
Co-founder & CEO, Worldreader	1
Co-founder & President, ExpertFlyer.com	13
Co-founder Borrowed Wisdom, Travel & Lifestyle Journalist, Biz...	1
Co-founder HoneyTrek.com	8
Co-founder Sourcery.us	1
Co-founder SuddenBachelor.com and entertainment lawyer	1
Co-founder and CEO of CHARFEN, How Entrepreneurs Think™	2
Co-founder and CEO, Carats & Cake	2
Co-founder and CEO, EdSurge	1
Co-founder and CEO, Hark	1
Co-founder and CEO, wHealthy Solutions	3
Co-founder and CEO, www.talkspace.com	2
Co-founder and Chairman, Handel Group®	7
Co-founder and Chief Learning Scientist at Kidaptive	1
Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer of Scripted.com.	1
Co-founder and Director of Publishing, Astor & Lenox	1
Co-founder and Executive Director, True Price	1
Co-founder and Heart Vibrator of New.me	1
Co-founder and Senior Director, Mabel's Labels Inc.	1
Co-founder and Strategic Communications Director, 350.org and ...	7
Co-founder and blogger for http://fatekeep.com	1
Co-founder and board chairman of Echoing Green and managing di...	1
Co-founder and co-director, Detroit Food & Entrepreneurshi...	1
Co-founder and editor in chief, Reverie Magazine; Founder and ...	1
Co-founder and editor of Well Rounded NY	1
Co-founder of Archer School	1
Co-founder of Blank Label. Marketing at Conversio and Tenfold	1
Co-founder of Blankstareblink.com, a blog where we give Father...	10
Co-founder of FertilityIQ	2
Co-founder of GlutenFreeSingles.	1
Co-founder of Hapimomi, Inc.	1
Co-founder of Headspace, a digital health and wellbeing platform	3
Co-founder of Healing Hotels of the World	1
Co-founder of The Chai Spot, fellow of NewGround (a Muslim-Jew...	1
Co-founder of The Drinking Diaries blog	2
Co-founder of The Resilience Group - a leadership consultant, ...	2
Co-founder of UpTake.com	1
Co-founder of athackit.org	4
Co-founder of mothersofbrothers.com	4
Co-founder of the Maldivian Youth Climate Network	1
Co-founder of the Zoey Ganesh DIPG Research Fund at the Lucile...	1
Co-founder, AaB Creates/Always a Blogsmaid	11
Co-founder, AttorneyFee	4
Co-founder, Bedtime Network	4
Co-founder, Between The Lines Productions, Inc.	1
Co-founder, Cooking Up a Story	20
Co-founder, Credit Card Insider	2
Co-founder, Cure AT/RT Now	1
Co-founder, Emergenetics International	1
Co-founder, Feel More Better	1
Co-founder, GetGoing	1
Co-founder, Holstee	1
Co-founder, Kitechild	1
Co-founder, Outsports.com	2
Co-founder, Peaceful Dumpling	2
Co-founder, Southwestern Consulting; Self-discipline strategis...	9
Co-founder, Team Rubicon	1
Co-founder, The Ink and Code; M.F.A. student, The New School	1
Co-founder, The Institute for Applied Meditation on the Heart	5
Co-founder, The Moms	21
Co-founder, True Media Inc.	2
Co-founder, VP of Product at CareMessage	1
Co-founder, Vanishing Cultures Project	1
Co-founder, VeeV	2
Co-founder, Voices for a Sustainable Future	1
Co-founder, WeddingMix - the fun, modern way to get a wedding ...	5
Co-founder, Wisdom Labs	2
Co-founder, Women to Women	13
Co-founder, exhibitiona.com; Owner, half gallery in New York; ...	1
Co-founder, faircompanies.com	11
Co-founder, mindfresh	2
Co-founder, the Heart of America Foundation and four other non...	2
Co-founder, the Unexpected Project	1
Co-founder/VP, Blu Homes	1
Co-founders Erin Bunch and Michelle Vick	3
Co-founders of Bandar Foods	5
Co-founders, Divorce Detox™	1
Co-founders, Mutual Solutions	3
Co-founders, bLife	1
Co-founding partner, HATCHEDit.com	1
Co-host, 'Adam Carolla Show';  host, 'Alison Rosen Is Your New...	1
Co-host, 'Derek and Romaine' on SiriusXM OutQ 109; author, 'Wh...	1
Co-host, 'The Bubble Genius Bob & Chez Show'; writer, Deus...	1
Co-host, MSNBC’s 'Morning Joe'	1
Co-host, SiriusXM's Broadminded	2
Co-host, Stuff Mom Never Told You podcast and staff writer, Ho...	3
Co-owner, BPMW	2
Co-owner, Paisley & Jade	1
Co-owner, VOWS Bridal Outlet	1
Co-owner, fagabond.com	1
Co-star, Bravo tv's 'The Millionaire Matchmaker' and Founder, ...	1
Co-writer, ManWifeandDog.com	4
Coach & Author	5
Coach Jennie: life and biz coach, professional speaker, and au...	2
Coach and Author, Reinventing Midlife	1
Coach, speaker, performance artist, mom	1
Coach, writer, speaker, yogi, wellness ninja	4
Cocktail Bartender and Partner at Clover Club and Leyenda, Cre...	2
Cofounder & CEO, Quorum	1
Cofounder at WeDidIt	1
Cofounder of The Intenders Of The Highest Good, Author	1
Cofounder, GLOBAL MEANING INSTITUTE	4
Cofounder, Unsettled. TED Resident	1
Cohost, "The Doctors"; CNN human behavior expert	1
Collaborative Author on Meaning of Life topics	2
Colleen Kelly, MD, is gastroenterologist in the Center for Wom...	1
College Access Counselor	2
College President and Leadership Solutions Consultant	1
College Professor (Emeritus, City University of N.Y),psycholog...	1
College administrator and freelance photographer	1
College admissions counselor, actor, geek	4
College student and advocate for minority issues	1
College-to-Workforce researcher and author	1
Colorfully Creative Journalist	4
Colto Founder and CEO	1
Columbia University Film Professor; Moderator “Reel Pieces,” 9...	3
Columnist	10
Columnist and screenwriter.	2
Columnist for the "Boulder Daily Camera"	1
Columnist, PsychologyToday.com and The Fiscal Times	1
Columnist, Radio Host, Gay Dad and Activist	5
Columnist, SFGate/San Francisco Chronicle; Author, 'The Daring...	8
Columnist, Taking the Kids	3
Columnist, The Japan Times & RocketNews24	1
Columnist, Waging Nonviolence; author of "It Runs in the Famil...	13
Columnist, writer, former TV host	1
Combat veteran, author of "Unspoken Abandonment"	2
Comedian and writer	4
Comedian, Actress, Writer, Director and Future Stripper if com...	2
Comedian, Pundit, Best Selling Author, Other Unimpressive Things	3
Comedian, Storyteller	1
Comedian, Writer	1
Comedian, Writer & World Traveler	3
Comedian, Writer, Actress	1
Comedian, Writer, Artist, Teacher, Speaker, Podcaster, Mom of ...	3
Comedian, actor and writer	1
Comedian/Author	5
Comedienne, Creator of the Blonde Logic Blog, kendracunningham...	1
Comedy Writer, Producer, Feminist, and Weirdo	1
Comedy Writer/Performer	1
Comedy writer	1
Comedy writer and mosaic artist (photo of satirical piece titl...	1
Commissioner, Chicago Department of Public Health	1
Comms geek, science freak, remote work advocate.	1
Communication Expert, Author	3
Communications Director, Equality North Carolina and the Coali...	1
Communications Director, National Sexual Violence Resource Center	1
Communications Strategist, Bettison Consulting LLC	1
Communications Support Officer, WaterAid	1
Communications and business strategist; dedicated to the heart...	1
Communications consultant and former nomad that found his home...	1
Communications manager, Healthy Child, Healthy World	6
Communications professional	1
Communications strategist, Writer, Single Mom	3
Community Activist and Building Contractor	1
Community Development Professional	1
Community Editor, Huffington Post	4
Community Engagement Manager, InternMatch	1
Community coordinator, PartSelect.com	1
Community director, DailyBurn	1
Community manager, Bay Area Moms	1
Community manager, LinkedIn	1
Community of Dads, Blog, Meetups, nycdadsgroup.com	2
Community of over 2 million international travelers	27
Community op-ed columnist	1
Competitive Eater, Bodybuilder, Owner of Bear's Smokehouse	1
Completion Consultant, Author, Soul Listener	1
Conan/Daily Show writer	2
Conde Nast Traveler	143
Conflict Resolution practitioner, Professor of Conflict Analys...	2
Congenital Heart Disease Survivor	1
Congestive heart failure survivor	1
Congress was in recess this week and flip flops, muffin tops, stray straps, sheer dresses, and VPL's were in visible form. As the mercury rises, people forget how to stay stylish in the heat. And, while summers on Capitol Hill can feel hot and sticky, that is no excuse to forget your manners.	1
Congressman Sam Farr represents California's Central Coast and...	1
Congressman from Georgia's Fourth District	1
Congressmember for California's 37th District	1
Connecting, supporting, and representing the one million paren...	1
Connector of Dots & Strategist	1
Connector, Storyteller, Entrepreneur	1
Consultant	4
Consultant and Author	1
Consultant on Education and Multicultural Mental Health Issues	1
Consultant, Coach and Adventurer	6
Consultant, writer and educator, based at UPenn	2
Consultant; Contributor, Ultra Travel, Interiors, EditorAtLarg...	5
Consulting Vegan Chef at LYFE Kitchen.	1
Consumer Advocate, Credit Karma	4
Consumer Debt Expert & Firefighter	17
Consumer Healthcare Expert, Commentator	6
Consumer Journalist	5
Consumer advocate, lawyer and author	1
Content Chief of The What	1
Content Creator & Curator of Smart Culture	3
Content Creator @ Dude of the House; Parent @ home	3
Content Director, Tarkenton Co.	1
Content Manager, SimplyBridal	2
Content Marketer and Personal Finance Expert	1
Content Marketing Consultant & CEO of Honigman Media	1
Content Marketing Strategist and Writer	14
Content Strategist	2
Content Strategist & Consultant	2
Content Writing | Travel Writing | News & Journalism | Copywri...	1
Content marketing professional	2
Contributing Columnist, St. Paul Pioneer Press	1
Contributing Editor for School Library Journal is also the Dir...	1
Contributing Editor, House Beautiful Magazine	2
Contributing Editor, Kveller.com	1
Contributing Writer	1
Contributing Writer & Editor	1
Contributing editor, CardRatings.com	16
Contributor	1527
Contributor, OZY	1
Contributor, Washington Blade	1
Coodinator of the CNU project at Columbia University School of...	1
Cook Republic	1
Cook, photographer, and writer of 'The Brown Table'	21
Cookbook author, making Indian food healthy	1
Coordinator, Queer Undocumented Immigrant Project (QUIP), Unit...	1
Copywriting/Content Management/Content Strategy	4
Cornell student, HuffPost Travel Intern	2
Corporate Diplomat, Professor, Global Citizen	2
Corporate Strategy Advisor; Author, The Big Pivot (co-author G...	1
Corporate Trainer / Executive Coach	1
Corporate Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Bausch + Lomb	1
Corporate Wellness Advocate	1
Corporate comedian, Business emcee, Author, 'The Road to Succe...	1
Correspondent, HuffPost Live	12
Cosmologist	1
Costume designer, Gossip Girl	2
Councilwoman, Montgomery County, MD	1
Counselor, Professor, Husband, Daddy	2
Country music artist and gay-rights activist	1
County Judge (Broward County, Florida)	1
Couples and family therapist turned writer	1
Courtney Macavinta, Co-founder & CEO, The Respect Institute	1
Couturier	1
Covering everything pregnant women need to know and delivering...	1
Covering food, drink, & culture	2
Crafter, Creater, Wife, Mother, Blogger	6
Creative Communications Specialist	1
Creative Consultant, Holistic coach,, Stress Management Consul...	2
Creative Director and CEO, Fig Tree & Vine	2
Creative Director at Joelle Charming	2
Creative Director, Chameleon Kids	1
Creative Director, O, The Oprah Magazine	1
Creative Director/Co-Owner, Prudence Designs & Events	1
Creative Professional, Author/Illustrator: The Sleepy Star	3
Creative Strategist and Founder, Dream Development	1
Creative director at Red Cup Agency	4
Creative non-fiction writer, yoga teacher	1
Creative nonfiction and tile	1
Creative producer and founder of New Minds Studio	2
Creativity, Innovation, and Free-Choice Science Learning Pract...	1
Creator and Co-Author of NY Times Best Seller "The Normal Bar"	1
Creator and Editor, 'Desire: Women Write About Wanting'	1
Creator of "Insanity"	1
Creator of AskDearLove.com, Relationship Expert, Certified Lif...	2
Creator of CoParenting In A Box	1
Creator of EssentialHustle.com	1
Creator of Honest Mom	3
Creator of Noble Purpose in business concept	40
Creator of P.S. It's Fashion	1
Creator of P90X®	1
Creator of The Soulful Entrepreneur	1
Creator of Transformative Therapy, SoulBlazing and Host of The...	17
Creator of YogAlign	1
Creator of modern spirituality and high-tech meditation	1
Creator of the documentary, 'Fagbug'	1
Creator, 'Diary of a Yale Mom' blog	2
Creator, Divorced Girl Smiling	40
Creator, FudeHouse.com	17
Creator, Healthy-Diet-Healthy-You.com	3
Creator, Mantra Movement	2
Creator, Moomah the Magazine	4
Creator, Nameberry.com	8
Creator, Peace Angels Project	4
Creator, Qoya	1
Creator, Sneaky Chef Foods & series of books	9
Creator, Superfight	1
Creator, TextWeek.com	1
Creator, The Lefkoe Method	21
Creator, www.myexwifesweddingdress.com	1
Creator/Executive Producer, "Doc McStuffins"	1
Credit & Identity Theft  Expert,  Author, CEO of The Kelly Gro...	28
Crim Trial Atty-Broadcast Legal Analyst, Motivatonal Speaker, ...	3
Criminal defense attorney; co-star, 'Jersey Strong'	1
Crisis Management Expert, University Lecturer, On-Air Legal An...	4
Crisis Response Campaigner	1
Critic, Curator, Author	1
Critical Care Nurse in New York City	1
Critical Thinking Expert and Psychological Performance Coach	2
Cross-platform digital writer	1
Crossfit coach, hypnobirthing instructor, mom	1
Cruise journalist and consumer advocate	5
CulEpi, Founder of the first media platform for chefs and culi...	2
Culinary Nutritionist, Owner of Food Matters NYC	1
Culinary Producer. Recipe Maker. Food Writer.	3
Culinary concierge	2
Cultural Activist	18
Cultural Critic, Author of "Meet Grindr: How One App Changed T...	1
Cultural Critic, Senior Writer, TheRoot.com	1
Cultural Critic/Kultureindustrie Theorist	1
Cultural Curator	2
Cultural Matador, provocateur, unaccomplished illustrator, str...	6
Cultural commentator and lipstick critic	2
Cultural critic published with Parkett, Art in America, Bijuts...	1
Cultural curator, lifestyle expert, media content producer + r...	3
Cultural omnivore and cult of luxury blogger	3
Culture & Travel Writer	2
Culture Consultant and Catalyst, on a mission to make work awe...	1
Culture Critic, Curator and Writer, living in New York City	1
Culture Enthusiast, Writer, PR	1
Culture Shock to Culture Architect	2
Culture reporter and author of "The Panic Years"	1
Curator & Art Administrator	1
Curator of Cool	5
Curator, Branding Consultant, Travel Writer, Photographer, Con...	8
Curator, National Air and Space Museum	1
Curious traveler, culture junkie	3
Curriculum Development Manager, Code.org	1
Curvy Girl Lingerie Founder & Blogger	3
Custom private guided tour company	12
Customer Service Racial Bias	2
Cutting-edge travel experts	6
D.C. blogger, Wired Momma	2
D.C.-based progressive activist and organizer	1
D.C.-based writer and education activist	3
DBT consultant; Author of 'The Stress Response'	19
DC-Based Author	1
DIVORCE	3426
DJ	2
DJ, Run Hundred	23
DJ, Scratch Weddings	1
DJ/Producer/Musician	1
Dad of daughters, traveler, storyteller & photographer	11
Dad, Playwright, Author of the YA Series "Revengers"	14
Dad, author, illustrator, and blogger, DaddyDoctrines.com	2
Dad, husband, serial-entrepreneur, author of Uncertainty	1
Dad, writer and founder, BuildingaLibrary.com	1
DailyNewsGems	2
Dainty Chef	6
Dallas Cowboys EVP & Chief Brand Officer and Chairman of the N...	1
Dance and culture critic, Chicagoan	1
Dance, theatre, and arts critic, based in San Francisco.	7
Dancer, singer, rapper, actress, appears on Push Girls	1
Dangerous when bored	2
Daniel Clement is a Divorce and Family  Law attorney	5
Daniel R. Schwarz is Frederic J. Whiton Professor of English L...	1
Data + Business	1
Data journalist	1
Dating & Sex Columnist	5
Dating Coach & Style Consultant at thelovetrep.com, Ed.M.	2
Dating Consultant and Coach	1
Dating advice and relationship expert for men	1
Dating and Relationship Expert	1
Dating and Romance Expert	1
Dating and relationship coach, author	17
Dating and relationship expert	1
Dave Pruett, former NASA researcher, emeritus mathematics prof...	1
David Bacher - professional photographer	2
David Burpee Professor and host/producer of "Plants are Cool, ...	2
David Macaray is a playwright and author ("How to Win Friends ...	3
David Tutera’s Bridal Beauty Expert and Founder, Meredith Harp...	1
De-cluttering expert	6
Dean of Milken Institute School of Public Health at the George...	3
Dean of Students in the Divinity School at the University of C...	1
Dean of Students, University of Southern California, School of...	1
Dean of the US House of Representatives | Ranking Member, Hous...	1
Dean of the University of Iowa College of Public Health and Di...	2
Dean, Duke University's Nicholas School of the Environment	2
Debbie Leon lives and writes in New Jersey.	14
Decorated Performance Coach, Best Selling Author of "LIVE IT! ...	1
Dedicated researcher, presenter, mentor and community member i...	1
Dedicated to helping creative people who want to be more organ...	4
Dedicated to spreading the cause of animal rescue, and stoppin...	3
Delivering original recipes and all the ingredients you need t...	7
Democratic strategist and writer	2
Deputy Chief of Staff, Mayor Eric Garcetti	1
Deputy Commissioner NYC Dept. of Health & Founding Director of...	1
Deputy Director of the Skoll Centre for Social Entrepreneurshi...	2
Deputy Director, Antibiotic Resistance Action Center at the Ge...	2
Deputy Director, Women's Rights Division, Human Rights Watch	1
Deputy Editor, HuffPost Personal	2
Deputy Editor, MediaPost	15
Deputy Executive Director, PFLAG National	2
Deputy Head, School of Sport and Education, Brunel University	1
Deputy Managing Director, United We Dream	1
Deputy business editor, Abu Dhabi's 'The National'	1
Dermatologist and skincare expert to the stars	1
Dermatologist, Clinical Researcher, and Expert on Treating Ski...	2
Design Research Ph.D.; Author, 'Profit from Design'	11
Design afficionado	1
Design blogger	2
Design principals, Marmol Radziner	2
Designer	18
Designer and Artist	1
Designer and Author	1
Designer of social ideas and social objects www.dylankendall.com	2
Designer, Author	1
Designer, Jordan Alexander	2
Designer, Kimberley Seldon Design Group & Editor in Chief ...	1
Designer, Society Social	1
Designer, entertaining expert, founder of EVENTSTYLE	1
Designer/Author	22
Designers, Hey Lady	1
Dessert For Two	4
Destination Wedding Ceremony Designer and Celebrant	19
Developer, Restful Insomnia	2
Development Coordinator, Fenway Health; member of the Youth Ad...	1
Development Practitioner, Founding Editor of The Global Citize...	1
Development worker and writer	1
Developmental Pediatrician, author of Mindful Parenting for ADHD	14
Developmental psychologist, blogger, wife and mother	2
Diamond Experts Helping Consumers	3
Diamond Industry Expert	15
Diamond Industry Veteran	1
Diary of a Mom	5
Dietitian Nutritionist: Wedding Wellness Expert	5
Dietitian, health enabler, author, spokesperson	4
Digestive Health & Nutrition Authority, Author, Editor, Teache...	4
Digital Comms, Content and Social Media Practitioner | Politic...	6
Digital Content Strategist, Communications Consultant in Silic...	3
Digital Director, Vanity Fair	1
Digital Innovation Fellow, The Huffington Post	1
Digital Journalist	2
Digital Media Fellow, Columbia Journalism School	1
Digital Media Strategist & Staff Writer	1
Digital Publishing Professional	1
Digital Storyteller	1
Digital artist	1
Digital journalist	1
Digital lifestyle expert	6
Digital magazine and marketplace about shopping and living sty...	27
Digital strategist, queer activist	1
Dignitarian writer	3
Dinner Lab	1
Dionna Ford (CodeNameMama.com)	1
Director - Transgender Faith Tour	2
Director Sustainable Tourism USF Patel College of Globals Sust...	2
Director Writer	1
Director and founder, LIVE from the NYPL	1
Director and producer, 'God Loves Uganda'	1
Director for Early Learning Through the Arts, Young Audiences ...	1
Director for Education and Skills, OECD	2
Director of Breast Health Outreach & Breast Radiation Onco...	2
Director of Business Development & Social Responsibility at Seequ	3
Director of Business Development, Red Carpet VIP	1
Director of Child Care and Early Learning at the National Wome...	2
Director of Children and Youth Protection Development, Interna...	1
Director of Communications, Center Theatre Group	2
Director of Communications, Entergy Nuclear	1
Director of Communications, Public House Wine	5
Director of Community Relations at Silvernest, entrepreneur, b...	2
Director of Content Marketing at Solace	1
Director of Content Strategy, HuffPost	2
Director of Content and Editor-in-Chief, Microsoft CEO Summit	1
Director of Content at Unison	2
Director of Content, Dailybreak	1
Director of Content, NextAdvisor.com	6
Director of Curriculum; Reading Kingdom	1
Director of Donor Development, ANERA	2
Director of Eco-Friendly Marketing For mywedding.com	4
Director of Education and Curriculum Reform, Hindu American Fo...	1
Director of Family Services, Center for Motivation and Change	3
Director of Film Programs, JCC Manhattan, ReelAbilities Film F...	1
Director of Fitness and Wellness at Celsius	11
Director of Geriatrics for the New York Presbyterian Health Sy...	1
Director of House Operations, Ronald McDonald House Charities ...	1
Director of International Advocacy, InterAction	3
Director of Justice for Vets	1
Director of Marketing, Appboy.com	1
Director of Marketing, Luxemi.com	1
Director of Media Unlimited	4
Director of Media and Community Partnerships, GLAAD	1
Director of Online Campaigns, Courage Campaign; editor, Equali...	1
Director of Operations, Annenberg Foundation	1
Director of Orthodontics, Boston Children’s Hospital; Fellow, ...	1
Director of Our Story - The Hub for American Narratives and au...	2
Director of Outreach and K-12 Education, Theodore Payne Founda...	1
Director of Penn State Earth System Science Center; Author of ...	1
Director of Policy at Working Partnerships USA	1
Director of Product Design, Fisher-Price	1
Director of Product, The Huffington Post	2
Director of Programs and Engagement at the Rubin Museum of Art	2
Director of Public Health and Animal Agriculture, The Humane S...	1
Director of R and D, Environmental Defense Fund	1
Director of Regional Programs at the Fund for Global Human Rights	5
Director of Research and Communications, Funders for LGBTQ Issues	1
Director of Research, Pew Center on the States	1
Director of Robotic Surgery, St. Margaret Hospital at the Univ...	1
Director of SETI@home, Research Astronomer at the University o...	1
Director of Science Outreach, The Rockefeller University; meta...	1
Director of Special Events, Macy's Northwest	1
Director of Strategy at Mistress	2
Director of Style, Modsy	12
Director of Trends and Social Media, The Huffington Post	1
Director of User Growth, Dashlane	1
Director of Vaccine Delivery at The Bill & Melinda Gates Found...	1
Director of Wealth Strategies for Women at Buckingham & The BA...	4
Director of Women's Support Services, Texas Children's Hospital	1
Director of economic development research and programs, Intern...	1
Director of global spa operations and development at Starwood ...	1
Director of marketing, NAPO-Chicago	2
Director of the Harvard Environmental Economics Program	3
Director of the Kripalu Institute for Extraordinary Living	1
Director of the Media Sandbox, Michigan State Univ. Instructor...	1
Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious D...	2
Director of the Skoll Centre for Social Entrepreneurship at Sa...	1
Director of the Sleep to Live Institute	4
Director of the Young Writers Project (YWP)	1
Director of women welfare and child care programs, The Art of ...	2
Director, "Space Shuttle Columbia: Mission of Hope"	1
Director, 'Autism: The Musical'	1
Director, 'Booker's Place: A Mississippi Story'	1
Director, 'Canary in a Coal Mine'	1
Director, 'Lost in Woonsocket'	1
Director, 'Loving Lampposts: Living Autistic'	5
Director, 'United in Anger: A History of ACT UP'	1
Director, 'Wake Up'	1
Director, 92nd Street Y Camp Program	1
Director, Alice Drum Women's Center, Franklin and Marshall Col...	1
Director, American Institute for Cognitive Therapy	6
Director, Center for Autism and the Developing Brain, New York...	1
Director, Center for Financial Privacy and Human Rights	1
Director, Center for Health Systems Analysis	1
Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Studies, Tufts Universi...	1
Director, Center for Public Education	1
Director, Center for Sustainable Development and Sustainable D...	1
Director, Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, Californ...	5
Director, Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth at the Johns H...	1
Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)	3
Director, Centre for Urban Design and Mental Health	6
Director, Civil Rights Memorial Center, Southern Poverty Law C...	1
Director, Climate Investigations Center	1
Director, Content Strategy & Programming, The Huffington Post	1
Director, DC Social Innovation Project	1
Director, Democratic Energy initiative, ILSR	1
Director, Division of Gastroenterology and Sholtz-Leeds Profes...	1
Director, Duke Medicine's Women's Health and Advocacy Initiati...	1
Director, EMDR Institute; Senior Research Fellow, Mental Resea...	5
Director, Education Research, Child Trends	1
Director, Education and Content and Resident Wine Expert, Wine...	1
Director, Foundation for Integrated Medicine	6
Director, Global Ocean Legacy, The Pew Charitable Trusts	1
Director, Golden World Films, LLC	1
Director, Hackbright Academy	1
Director, Head of Aviation, Travel & Tourism - World Econo...	1
Director, Healthy Eating, Martha's Table	6
Director, Institute for Writers	3
Director, Knowledge Ecology International	1
Director, Labor Project for Working Families in partnership wi...	2
Director, MarTina Corporation and Councilman for Taroa, Maloelap	1
Director, Marketing, The Huffington Post	2
Director, Massachusetts Institute of Technology AgeLab	1
Director, Metro Behavioral Health Eating Disorders Centers; Co...	1
Director, Mobile Solutions Marketing, Healthcare Division at N...	1
Director, Montefiore Einstein Center for Bioethics	2
Director, NYU Center for European and Mediterranean Studies	1
Director, National Marriage Project	1
Director, New Mexico Department of Transportation, Traffic Saf...	1
Director, Next Action Associates	1
Director, Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solution...	2
Director, Oando Foundation	1
Director, Pennaluna & Company	1
Director, PranaVayu Yoga	11
Director, Pravassa	9
Director, Sierra Club Outdoors	3
Director, Sierra Club, Illinois Chapter	2
Director, Social Strategy and Marketing	1
Director, SpiritualityForAll.org and Chabad North Haven in The...	1
Director, Texas Hunger Initiative, Baylor University	1
Director, The Comprehensive Transplant Center at Cedars-Sinai ...	1
Director, The Face-to-Face Project	1
Director, The Missing MDG initiative	2
Director, The Spaces Between Your Fingers Project	1
Director, The Venice Institute of Contemporary Art	1
Director, U.S. Oceans, The Pew Charitable Trusts	2
Director, Vincent on Leadership: The Hay Project; Adjunct facu...	1
Director, White House Office of National Drug Control Policy	1
Director, World Ocean Observatory	1
Director, Zidisha	2
Director, screenwriter, author	1
Director, writer, and producer	4
Director-General, International Co-operative Alliance	1
Disability Advocate and Athlete	1
Discerner of Meaning & Sleuther of Hidden Connection	4
Disney Writer and historian, Disunplugged.com	4
Distinguished Professor, Santa Fe Institute	1
District Attorney, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania	2
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Solutionist. Author.  Internatio...	3
Diving for Starfish--The Jeweler, The Actress, The Heiress and...	1
Division Chief of Adolescent Medicine and Director of the Gend...	1
Division Director of Gynecologic Oncology at Lehigh Valley Hea...	1
Divorce & Parenting Coach, Founder of the Child-Centered Divor...	30
Divorce & Relationship Expert	10
Divorce Attorney	2
Divorce Coach and Chief Visionary @ Journey Beyond Divorce	1
Divorce Coach and Mediator	3
Divorce Coach and Travel Editor	9
Divorce Court Host and Author of Making Marriage Work	2
Divorce Financial Strategist(TM)	2
Divorce Lawyer, Entrepreneur, Mother of Two	9
Divorce Mediator, Co-Parenting Coach, Psychotherapist	1
Divorce Strategist, Realtor, Manager of Chaos	4
Divorce and Family Law Attorney, Wife and Mother	4
Divorce and Family Lawyer	2
Divorced father of three young kids	3
Doctor	1
Doctor and Science Editor	1
Doctor of Physical Therapy, Inventor of SMARTROLLER�	5
Doctor, work-life expert, NY Times best selling author and key...	6
Doctoral Candidate in American History, University of New Hamp...	1
Doctoral Candidate in Counseling Psychology at Fordham Univers...	1
Doctoral Student, Teacher, & Political Candidate	3
Doctoral candidate in American studies, Saint Louis University	3
Doctoral candidate, Medical and Clinical Psychology, Uniformed...	1
Doctoral candidate, University of Georgia; Political Committee...	3
Documentary Filmmaker; Director and Producer, 'ESCAPE FIRE: Th...	1
Documentary filmmaker	1
Documentary filmmaker and freelance cinematographer and producer	1
Documentary producer, blogger, phonographer	1
Dog trainer and writer	4
Donald Trump spoke at Central College in Pella. Although he was 40 minutes late to his own event, attendees didn't seem to mind until some of them were turned away. 	1
Donor and volunteer, CARE	1
Double board certified in Internal Medicine and Allergy & Immu...	2
Double-board certified in adult psychiatry and addiction medicine	1
Dove Award-winning, Grammy nominated singer/songer writer, LGB...	1
Down Syndrome Parent Influencer & Lifestyle Blogger, Health Ad...	4
Dr Keith Devlin is a mathematician at Stanford University in P...	2
Dr.	11
Dr. (Ph.D.)	9
Dr. Abaci is a pain specialist, author, Medical Director of th...	8
Dr. Clarence B. Jones, Adjunct Professor, University of San Fr...	1
Dr. Deni Carise is a nationally recognized expert in addiction...	6
Dr. G is a nationally known parenting and youth development ex...	13
Dr. Gary Small is a professor of psychiatry and director of th...	1
Dr. Harra is a best-selling author, psychologist, and relation...	20
Dr. Helen Davey is a psychoanalyst and psychotherapist in Los ...	7
Dr. Isaac Eliaz is a respected clinical practitioner	1
Dr. Jarryd Willis, PhD - College Teacher	1
Dr. Judy Kuriansky	7
Dr. Karen Becker	57
Dr. Mary Ann Bauman	1
Dr. Taz MD, Creator of Superwomen, Power Kids and Healthy Fami...	8
Drag Husband of Drag Queen Vivian Von Brokenhymen	4
Drag performer, comedian, host and sometimes-on-pitch singer	1
Drama critic	1
DreamsCloud is the place to share your night dreams and connec...	7
Drummer of 'Lez Zeppelin'; Founder and owner of Wendy Kidd Ent...	1
DuPont and Peabody award-winning journalist	1
Dual board-certified in allergy and immunology and internal me...	3
Dylan Gadino is the founder and editor of Laughspin.com	1
E.P. Clapp Distinguished Professor of Politics, Occidental Col...	1
ED, Friends of Hue Foundation, NYU Wagner MPA Candidate	1
EDUCATION	1014
EIR @PolarisVC | Formerly co-founder CEO @Spindle (acquired by...	1
EMME is the iconic supermodel who has paved the way over the l...	2
ENTERTAINMENT	17362
ENVIRONMENT	1444
EVP Mission, Stupid Cancer	3
EVP, Strategy, Digital and Insight, Aegis Media	1
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR	4
EY Global Vice Chair of Talent	1
Earl Ofari Hutchinson is an author and political analyst	9
East-Asian Medicine Practitioner, License Acupuncturists, Foun...	1
Eat Travel Live	12
Eat with Pleasure	3
Eating Disorder Advocate, Speaker, and Author	4
Eco-Physiologist	1
Eco-Pioneer, Artist and Author of 'The Secret to Finding Passi...	3
Eco-conscious lifestyle brand entrepreneur | Clean Design expert	3
Eco-luxury travel that gives back to wildlife and places	11
Economics and arts writer	1
Economics professor, The New School for Social Research	3
Economics writer	3
Economist	4
Economist at Microsoft Research	1
Ed Muzio is the CEO of Group Harmonics and author of Make Work...	3
Editor	9
Editor & travel writer	1
Editor / Writer	2
Editor and Blogger (cancerspot.org)	1
Editor and Chief - Reality Check News & information Desk	2
Editor and Co-founder, Well Rounded NY	2
Editor and Columnist for Shape Magazine, Corporate Wellness Di...	10
Editor and Media Curator	6
Editor and Media Relations Specialist	1
Editor and Writer	9
Editor and publisher, The Ho-Ho-Kus Cogitator	2
Editor and writer	1
Editor at Airfarewatchdog.com	2
Editor at DailyVenusDiva.com	4
Editor at Thomson Reuters	1
Editor at large, Esquire magazine	1
Editor in Chief and CEO, Total Car Score, veteran auto journal...	3
Editor in Chief of Parents and American Baby...	2
Editor in Chief, Dr. Oz THE GOOD LIFE	5
Editor in Chief, Highlights for Children	1
Editor in Chief, Raine Magazine	5
Editor in Chief, Shaadi Belles	5
Editor in Chief, urb.im	1
Editor in chief, Vogue Italia	20
Editor of Lapham's Quarterly	1
Editor of Oh! Travelissima who has ventured to 45 countries......	1
Editor of OneRoomWithAView.com	1
Editor of The Edvocate & The Tech Edvocate	12
Editor of TheManual.com	5
Editor of the Organic Wine Journal	1
Editor of weekly gaming and tech column, Metro Newspapers	1
Editor, 'Harvard Newsletter'	3
Editor, 'The Big Book of Orgasms' and 'Dirty Dates: Erotic Fan...	1
Editor, AdoreColour.com	1
Editor, AfterEllen.com	2
Editor, BLOOM	1
Editor, Black Voices	1
Editor, BurgerBusiness.com	45
Editor, Curator	1
Editor, Delish.com	1
Editor, Emory Medicine	1
Editor, EqualityOnTrial.com	1
Editor, Figure/Ground Communication™	1
Editor, Flung Magazine	2
Editor, Gotcha Media Blog	35
Editor, Hideaway Report	11
Editor, HuffPost Becoming Fearless; Author, "Exorcising Your Ex"	3
Editor, HuffPost Food	2
Editor, HuffPost Italy	1
Editor, Idealist.org	1
Editor, InStyle	2
Editor, MedicalDaily.com	5
Editor, Military.com	1
Editor, News India Times	1
Editor, Nonfiction Author, Expert on the Childfree Choice	1
Editor, Real Simple Magazine	1
Editor, The Daily Banter.com	1
Editor, The Jolly Tomato	1
Editor, TheRooneyReport.com	2
Editor, Top 500 NGOs, Global Geneva	1
Editor, Traders Magazine	1
Editor, Warscapes magazine	1
Editor, Where the Girls Go; writer and graduate student	1
Editor, bestmoviesbyfarr.com	14
Editor-In-Chief of JohnnyJet.com	1
Editor-In-Chief of The Bilerico Project	1
Editor-In-Chief of The Kay Days	7
Editor-at-Large, ChicagoPride.com	1
Editor-at-Large, New York University	2
Editor-at-Large, Northwestern University	1
Editor-at-Large, The Hill	3
Editor-at-Large, Tulane University	1
Editor-at-large, HuffPost	4
Editor-in-Chief of AllGov.com	1
Editor-in-Chief of Boating Times	1
Editor-in-Chief of Epicurious.com, Gourmet.com and Gourmet Live	1
Editor-in-Chief, 'Runner’s World' Magazine	4
Editor-in-Chief, Beso.com	1
Editor-in-Chief, Curbed Philly	1
Editor-in-Chief, ELLE	1
Editor-in-Chief, SubwayDomer.com	1
Editor-in-chief and founder of Magnifeco and EcoSessions	1
Editor-in-chief of Brain Child	4
Editor-in-chief of MommaSaid.net and author	1
Editor-in-chief, Makeup Tips Blog	1
Editor/Owner, 4dancers.org	1
Editor/Publisher	13
Editorial Director at Traveler's Joy, the largest honeymoon re...	4
Editorial Director of Financial Services,  QuinStreet, Inc.	1
Editorial Director of the Eckhart Tolle Huffington Post Channel	11
Editorial Director, HuffPost Personal	3
Editorial Director, Indagare Travel	4
Editorial Director, Moms Clean Air Force	7
Editorial Director, MyMove.com	4
Editorial Director, Parents; The Huffington Post	30
Editorial Director, Women's, Gilt Groupe	10
Editorial Director, Working Mother Media	9
Editorial Fellow, The Huffington Post	1
Editorial Intern, Healthy Living	1
Editorial Lead, Hipmunk	4
Editorial director, Greatist	1
Editorial, portrait and commercial photographer	1
Education Maven, Expert and Entrepreneur	2
Education writer, life coach, writing tutor	5
Educational and equity consultant	1
Educational consultant and President of Generation Think	1
Educational psychologist, consultant, and author of Her Next C...	7
Educator	5
Educator & Artist	1
Educator Entrepreneur	2
Educator and Cultural Commentator	1
Educator scientist dedicated to human rights and sustainability.	1
Educator, Artist, Activist, Healer, Satirist and from Brooklyn...	1
Educator, CEO of Chill Expeditions	9
Educator, Writer and Blogger at TheClearParent.com	6
Educator, community organizer and amateur bodybuilder	1
Educator, speaker, author of 'Teaching Generation Text'	1
Educator. Author. Activist.	3
Edupreneur, Cofounder/Chief Curiosity Curator of What If...?	2
Effete urban journalist, gone to hayseed: StarvingofftheLand.com	2
Eight-year veteran of professional cycling, reigning U.S. cros...	1
Eldon earned his PhD in psychology, is a Fellow in the America...	11
Elections, Monarchy, and the Superhero	3
Elementary school principal; author, 'Dignity for All: Safegua...	1
Elizabeth Licorish is a freelance writer and author from Phila...	1
Elizabeth is a professional marketing coach for people who cra...	2
Ellen Brown is an attorney, Founder of the Public Banking Inst...	1
Emergency Room Nurse	1
Emerging Media Marketing Director for Revere Jewels	1
Emerson College journalism professor	11
Emmy Award Winning Broadcast Journalist	10
Emmy Award winning TV Comedian, Travel Expert and Cartoon Dad	12
Emmy Award-Winning Stylist and author of "The Color of Style"	1
Emmy Award-winning Producer, Director; Founder of Daily Xpress...	1
Emmy Award-winning comedian	1
Emmy Award-winning journalist	1
Emmy Award-winning journalist, historian and producer	1
Emmy Award-winning media entrepreneur & creator of SheTakesOnT...	1
Emmy Nominated Clean Makeup Artist, Urban Farmer, Beauty and L...	4
Emmy Nominated TV host, producer, writer, amateur limoncello m...	4
Emmy award-winning producer & co-creator of "The Amazing R...	3
Emmy award-winning screenwriter, producer, author and creator ...	25
Emmy winner as James on"Scandal"; author "Does This Baby Make ...	4
Emmy winning TV producer, Single Mom Lifestyle Expert/Multi-ge...	20
Emmy, Golden Globe and Tony Award winning actress	1
Emmy-Nominated Producer, Screenwriter, Author and Entrepreneur	2
Emmy-Winning Actress, Writer	1
Emmy-winning TV writer/Author of the Neurotic Parent's Guide t...	8
Emmy-winning writer, best-selling author, first-class second-g...	5
Emotional Intelligence, Communication & Relationship Expert	1
Empowering 120+ million monthly travelers to find their ideal ...	30
Empowering Children and Youth to Reshape Finance	1
Empowering Neurologist, New York Times #1 Bestselling Author	2
Empowering, inspiring, uniting kids through music	1
Empowerment Life Coach, Mom & New Yorker	1
Empowerment and Business Expert, Creator of The Butler Bag, Au...	1
Encouraging Progressive Thought	7
Energetic & fearless, Lee-En is an engineer who promotes diplo...	1
Energy & Climate Policy Expert	2
Energy Convertor | Educator | Writer | Blood of a Slave, Heart...	1
Energy Program Director, Environment America	1
Energy Veteran and Author, Founder, this-small-planet.com	6
Engineer, Activist, Writer	1
Engineer, thinker, author-in-training	1
English teacher and blogger	1
Enjoy his Top 10 expressions for nearly every dilemma.	1
Entertainer, Author, Talk Show Host	12
Entertainment Reporter, HuffPost	2
Entertainment Reporter, The Huffington Post	2
Entertainment and sports journalist	3
Entertainment enthusiast	4
Entertainment journalist and Walt Disney Company expert	4
Entertainment lawyer; Member of the Board of Directors and the...	1
Entertainment/Technology Attorney, TroyGould & Contributing Ed...	14
Enthusiast in general	1
Entrepreneur	21
Entrepreneur & investor in genomic technologies	1
Entrepreneur and author	1
Entrepreneur and journalist	1
Entrepreneur and writer	6
Entrepreneur and writer, 'Errors We Live By' series	1
Entrepreneur and writer. Author of 'Identified.'	2
Entrepreneur in Residence, Dell	2
Entrepreneur,  storyteller, visual artist and traveler.	28
Entrepreneur, Author | Founder of SHADOKA and other companies....	9
Entrepreneur, Author, Photographer, World Traveler.  You can v...	1
Entrepreneur, Connector, and Simplicity Fan	1
Entrepreneur, Day Trader, Blogger, Sushi Aficionado	4
Entrepreneur, Marketing Expert, Mother & Blogger	2
Entrepreneur, Media Personality, Casting Producer, Writer	1
Entrepreneur, Mother, Author "Ellen Who?"	1
Entrepreneur, Startup Adviser, Journalist, Life Adventurer,  v...	2
Entrepreneur, VAGIPRENEUR™, mom, wife, friend, pop culture addict	6
Entrepreneur, Writer, Dreamer	1
Entrepreneur, Writer, Speaker, Dandelion Chaser	7
Entrepreneur, Writer, Traveler, Chocolate Lover	11
Entrepreneur, author, financial controller, corporate training...	1
Entrepreneur, marketing executive, author, speed freak	1
Entrepreneur, writer, mind-body enthusiast, cancer survivor, a...	4
Entrepreneur. Founder/CEO of Arkside Marketing. Father. Husband.	4
Entrepreneur. Tech Lawyer. Partner @gamallp. Teaching @UCILaw....	1
Environment and Public Health Reporter, The Huffington Post	1
Environmental lawyer and novelist	1
Environmental media host/producer, speaker, writer, commentato...	2
Epicurious	34
Epidemiologist / Data Nerd	1
Episcopal priest and activist from Pasadena, Calif.	1
Erwin H. Schell Professor of Management and an Associate Profe...	1
Essayist and Transgender Media Advocate	2
Essayist and humorist.	2
Essayist and memoirist	7
Essayist, Blogger	1
Essayist, Journalist and Editor	1
Essayist, Photographer, Professor	2
Essayist, journalist, co-founder of BiNet USA and other bi-rel...	1
Esthetician, Ayurvedic Practitioner & Authour of "Beauty: Pure...	2
Ethical Travel and Science Writer, Author, 'The Eco Chick Guid...	3
Ethicist, epidemiologist, environmentalist, editor, educator, ...	4
Ethnobotanist, writer and Amazon explorer. President of the Am...	2
Etiquette Expert	3
Etiquette Expert and Modern Manners Authority; Owner, The Prot...	13
European budget travel guides	18
Eveningwear Designer	1
Event Designer	2
Event Marketing Assistant at Nickelodeon	2
Event Planner	1
Event Specialist, Philadelphia String Quartet	1
Event and wedding designer	1
Everybody Likes Sandwiches	2
Everything is possible.	1
Everything worth caring about in food, drink, and travel	142
Evidence Based Homeopath	4
Evolutionary Biologist	1
Evolutionary Psychiatrist and Author, 'Angst: Origins of Anxie...	1
Evolutionary anthropologist and creator of The Advanced Apes	1
Evolutionary biologist and author	5
Ex "Charlie Hebdo" journalist, writer, co-founder of the journ...	1
Ex-Army LGBT Rights Activist living in New York City for the l...	2
Ex-hack, vassal to news industry, sometime feature-writer for ...	1
Ex-model, current farmer and writer	2
Exclusive florist, Academy Awards Governors Ball	2
Exec Producer, Creator, Host of The Celebrity Dinner Party wit...	2
Exec. Dir. Mental Illness Policy Org., Author, "Insane Consequ...	1
Executive Business and Global News Editor, The Huffington Post	3
Executive Chairman of the Board, Marriott International	9
Executive Chef, Culinologyist, Culinary Olympic medalists, Pre...	1
Executive Chef, Cypress	5
Executive Coach & Founder, Pinwheel Strategies	2
Executive Coach & Leadership Consultant	7
Executive Coach and Life Strategist	1
Executive Coach, Keynote Speaker, and Author	1
Executive Creative Director, Boom Epoch	1
Executive Director	2
Executive Director & Founder, Active Minds	1
Executive Director - The Center for Motivation and Change	1
Executive Director and Founder Are You Dense Inc. & Are You De...	3
Executive Director and Founder, Oil Change International	1
Executive Director and Founding Member, Akiba Mashinani Trust	1
Executive Director and Secretary to the Board, TB ACTION Group	1
Executive Director at INET, Argentine Ministry of Education	1
Executive Director of California and Managing Director of Glob...	1
Executive Director of Color Of Change	2
Executive Director of Disabled Sports USA	1
Executive Director of Family Gateway, empowering children and ...	1
Executive Director of Food First	3
Executive Director of Healed Without Scars Ministrie	1
Executive Director of MAMA (Maternal Alliance for Mobile Action)	1
Executive Director of Student Services, RSC Your College Prep ...	1
Executive Director of The Jason Kidd Foundation	2
Executive Director of Women's Refugee Commission	1
Executive Director of the American Jobs Alliance	4
Executive Director of the American Public Health Association	1
Executive Director of the International OCD Foundation	1
Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HI...	5
Executive Director of the National Coalition to Abolish the De...	1
Executive Director of the National Minority AIDS Council	1
Executive Director of the New York Committee for Occupational ...	1
Executive Director of the Vitality Institute	4
Executive Director, ACLU of Southern California	1
Executive Director, Adopt-a-Pet.com	1
Executive Director, Ali Forney Center	2
Executive Director, Arcus Foundation	1
Executive Director, Armenian National Committee of America Eas...	1
Executive Director, Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, AFL...	1
Executive Director, Aspen Global Health and Development	1
Executive Director, BlueGreen Alliance	1
Executive Director, Center for International Private Enterprise	1
Executive Director, Center for Justice & Democracy at New York...	2
Executive Director, Center for Science in the Public Interest	17
Executive Director, Center for the Study of Empathic Therapy	2
Executive Director, Christie's Place	1
Executive Director, EJust Advocates	1
Executive Director, Empire State Pride Agenda	1
Executive Director, Environmental Law & Policy Center; Public ...	1
Executive Director, Faith In America	2
Executive Director, Family Food	2
Executive Director, FasterCures, a center of the Milken Institute	1
Executive Director, Friends of Maddie	2
Executive Director, Gender Rights Maryland	2
Executive Director, Generations United	1
Executive Director, Girls Education Collaborative	1
Executive Director, Give Back Yoga Foundation	33
Executive Director, Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN)	1
Executive Director, Global Alliance to Prevent Prematurity and...	1
Executive Director, Global Catastrophic Risk Institute	1
Executive Director, Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis an...	2
Executive Director, Global Heritage Fund	1
Executive Director, Greenpeace	1
Executive Director, I'm From Driftwood	2
Executive Director, Institute for New Economic Thinking	1
Executive Director, International Association for Indigenous A...	1
Executive Director, Jim Casey Youth Opportunities Initiative	2
Executive Director, Lambda Legal	1
Executive Director, Levantine Public Diplomacy	1
Executive Director, Miami Coalition for the Homeless	1
Executive Director, Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship	2
Executive Director, MitoAction.org	1
Executive Director, NY Tech Meetup, and Creator, Work Revoluti...	1
Executive Director, National Family Resiliency Center, Inc.	8
Executive Director, National Latina Institute for Reproductive...	1
Executive Director, Ohio Environmental Council	2
Executive Director, Our Hen House	1
Executive Director, PFLAG National	1
Executive Director, Pen and Brush	1
Executive Director, Project Coyote	1
Executive Director, Public Health Advocates	1
Executive Director, Sanctuary for Families	1
Executive Director, Sierra Club	10
Executive Director, Solve	1
Executive Director, Tactical Sports Medicine, Associate Profes...	6
Executive Director, The Association of Junior Leagues Internat...	1
Executive Director, The Campaign for Southern Equality	1
Executive Director, The Gay Christian Network	1
Executive Director, The Max Cure Foundation; Co-Founder, Child...	2
Executive Director, The New York Society for the Prevention of...	16
Executive Director, The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and ...	3
Executive Director, The Relationship Foundation	2
Executive Director, Theatre Forward	1
Executive Director, US Department of Veterans Affairs National...	1
Executive Director, Universal Access Project of the United Nat...	1
Executive Director, WildAid	1
Executive Director, World Wide Community	1
Executive Director, You Can Play Project; Former NFL player; T...	1
Executive Director, the Travis Manion Foundation	1
Executive Director: Alliance To Rescue Victims of Trafficking.	1
Executive Editor, 'Runner's World'	1
Executive Editor, Cognitive Science; Psychology and Marketing ...	29
Executive Editor, Lonny Magazine	1
Executive Editor, Parenting Early Years	5
Executive Editor, RealSimple.com	4
Executive Fashion And Beauty Editor, The Huffington Post	14
Executive Lifestyle Editor, The Huffington Post	2
Executive Onboarding Expert, PrimeGenesis	1
Executive Producer / Co-host, Broadscast	9
Executive Producer, 2x Emmy finalist @takebackthemic; Co-found...	1
Executive Producer, Creator, Writer	1
Executive Producer, Sacred Earth Pictures	7
Executive Project Analyst for the CEO at TOA Technologies	4
Executive Relationships Editor, Huffpost	1
Executive Sparring, Management Training, Coaching	1
Executive VP/Executive director, Merck Childhood Asthma Networ...	1
Executive Vice President and Chief Program Officer, Los Angele...	1
Executive Vice President and Chief Science Officer, The Sugar ...	1
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Nuance Healthcare	1
Executive Vice President for Health and Policy, EcoHealth Alli...	3
Executive Vice President of TripIt and Concur Traveller Services	1
Executive Vice President, Aspen Institute	1
Executive Vice President, Center for Responsible Lending	6
Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Marketing Officer,...	1
Executive Vice President, HighTower Advisors	1
Executive Vice President, James Beard Foundation	1
Executive Vice President, Qorvis MSLGROUP	10
Executive Vice President, Sabin Vaccine Institute	1
Executive Vice President, State Street Corporation	1
Executive Vice-President, Clinton Health Access Initiative	1
Executive Wellness Coach, Patient Advocate, Practicing Physici...	2
Executive and Creativity Coach; President of Creative Success,...	2
Executive and Life Coach	2
Executive assistant, The Huffington Post	1
Executive chef of Maialino	1
Executive coach and writer	1
Executive coach who helps inspiring online leaders become trul...	1
Executive director of Our Family Coaltion	1
Executive director, Class Action Watch	1
Executive director, E2 (Environmental Entrepreneurs)	1
Executive director, Find Your Missing Child	5
Executive director, National Fund for Workforce Solutions	1
Executive editor, The Dodo	7
Executive host and producer of Sterling Spin Radio Show	6
Executive leadership coach, columnist, author of "The Charisma...	1
Executive partner, Abrams Fensterman Fensterman Eisman Formato...	1
Executive producer, 'Antiques Roadshow'	2
Executive secretary treasurer, Michigan Regional Council of Ca...	1
Executive vice president, mission advancement, America's Promi...	2
Exhibition Manager, Arts Writer	12
Expat. Author. Cultural mad scientist. Enemy of the comfort zo...	9
Experiential Marketing and Strategic Partnerships at Dell	4
Experiential Travel	9
Expert information about credit scoring, credit reporting and ...	42
Expert on Generations, Leadership, Change Management, Producti...	1
Expert on corporate governance, financial markets and sharehol...	1
Expert on women's leadership and wellbeing	7
Experta en educación y tecnología educativa	1
Experts in the field of relationships.	37
Explorer	1
Explorer, anthropologist, filmmaker, author	1
Eye Surgeon, Wellness/ Productivity expert and founder of Impo...	5
Eye surgeon, ophthalmologist	1
Eyebrow expert	1
FIFTY	1401
FOOD & DRINK	6340
Facilitator and Guide in living undivided awareness and dancin...	6
Faculty NYU Stern Management Communication Program and Chairma...	1
Faculty at UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business and Law Schoo...	2
Faculty, Harvard Medical School	2
Fair trade store owner, community member	2
Faith Deficit, fundraiser, blogger	1
Family Caregiving Consultant to VNSNY	2
Family Law Attorney	2
Family Law Attorney & Mediator, Writer, Speaker & Blogger at L...	6
Family Law Expert	24
Family Law Lawyer/Mediator/Arbitrator	1
Family Law Mediator and Attorney, Author	1
Family Lifestyle Expert	31
Family Relationship Expert	3
Family Therapist; Author	5
Family Therapist; Author; Speaker	1
Family Travel Experts	5
Family and Matrimonial Lawyer	2
Family law attorney	1
Family law expert and founder of Weinberger Divorce & Family L...	14
Family lawyer	4
Family nutrition expert and independent author	5
Family physician living with Parkinson's Disease, Founder of D...	1
Fan of both Super Troopers and Starship Troopers, newly enthus...	1
Farmer and writer	1
Farmer, Writer, Agitator	2
Farmers' daughter, food writer, and local foodist	8
Fashion Consultant & Founder, Closeture	4
Fashion Editor | Celebrity Stylist	2
Fashion Editor, The Huffington Post	2
Fashion Marketing	9
Fashion Writer & Style Blogger	2
Fashion Writer, PR consultant	2
Fashion and Style Writer	6
Fashion and travel writer, Passport blog editor for Kiwi Colle...	12
Fashion blog site	37
Fashion blogger at FashionTag	1
Fashion designer	9
Fashion designer and HIV awareness advocate	1
Fashion designer, Tibi	1
Fashion editor and interior design fanatic	1
Fashion stylist	1
Fashion stylist & digital creative consultant	1
Fashion stylist and writer	1
Fashion writer	51
Fast food horror filmmaker	1
Father and blogger, Parenting Boys Raising Men	1
Father of the 'metrosexual' and 'retrosexual'; author, 'Male I...	1
Father of two and Director of Marketing, AskMen.com	1
Father, Mindfulness Author, and Professor of Communication	4
Father, blogger	4
Father. Husband. Writer. PR Guy.	1
Father. Partner. Writer. Goaltender. All things snarky and pol...	1
Featured on Discovery Channel's 2012 Shark Week	1
FedEx Ground: $36.14	1
Feed Your Curiosity	6
Fellow of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers, and Author	1
Fellow, Jonathan Edwards College, Yale University	1
Fellow, Stanford Distinguished Careers Institute; working on a...	1
Fellow, The Mission Continues	1
Feminist psychotherapist and writer	2
Feminist, Stylist, Writer, Gray Rebel, Soul-Detective	1
Feng Shui Consultant, Intuitive, Life Coach, Artist, Writer	1
Feng Shui Master, Gemologist, LEED green associate, President ...	10
Feng Shui expert	1
Fertility specialist, human rights activist, & social entrepre...	1
Fiction writer	1
Fiction writer, theater reviewer	1
Fields of Cake	1
Film Critic	32
Film Critic, Professor of Communication & Media	10
Film and experience director. I create things.	1
Film and television critic	2
Film and theatre critic	1
Film critic at Mendelson's Memos, Valley Scene Magazine	23
Film critic, entertainment journalist and travel writer	10
Film critic; Social Media Manager & Staff Writer, Collider	1
Film director and producer; Chairman, Elton John AIDS Foundation	1
Filmmaker	1
Filmmaker "Capitol Hill" series, "Potato Dreams of America"	1
Filmmaker & Founder of The Webby Awards	2
Filmmaker and Writer	4
Filmmaker and creator, www.ThinkFreeTV.com	1
Filmmaker and owner of a boutique industrial psychology firm	2
Filmmaker and writer at www.CultivateStudios.com, Blogger at w...	3
Filmmaker based in NYC	1
Filmmaker, "After Happily Ever After"	5
Filmmaker, 'Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine'	1
Filmmaker, Activist, Professor, Involved Dad	1
Filmmaker, Actor, Songwriter, Dad	1
Filmmaker, Author, Change Agent	2
Filmmaker, Author, Changemaker	5
Filmmaker, Writer & Actress	2
Filmmaker, Writer and Photographer	3
Filmmaker, educator and audio producer; co-director, Standing ...	1
Filmmaker, photographer, and writer - 8x Cancer Survivor	3
Filmmaker, writer and visual artist	2
Filmmaker/Journalist	2
Finance Program Director, The Sunrise Project	1
Financial Aid Consultant, Pitzer and Occidental College; Found...	9
Financial Expert and Economic Commentator	2
Financial Writer	1
Financial Writer & Business Expert	4
Financial adviser, cancer warrior, author of 'The Year I Died'	1
Financial advisor matching site	6
Financial and securities expert	1
Financial literacy expert, Bank Mobile	1
Financial planner	4
Financial services marketer	2
Finci-Viterbi Executive Director, USC Shoah Foundation, UNESCO...	1
Find more of my articles at stephaniewoodard.blogspot.com	1
Findery.com	8
Finding an equilibrium amid the frictions and fusions that abound in this global public space will determine whether or not we can forge a new cosmopolitan commons of the 21st century.	1
Fine Artist/Business Artist	1
Fine artist; Outdoorsman	1
Fine jewelry designer and blogger	6
First Female Governor of Vermont; Marsh Scholar, University of...	1
First Ladies and Presidential Families Historian, Author & Scr...	5
Fit Pregnancy's Ask The Labor Nurse, Senior Writer for Every M...	2
Fit, Fab, Fearless	1
Fit-preneur, creator of Stacy's Bootcamp and The Body Mind Pro...	10
Fitness Director Life Time Fitness	16
Fitness Expert	2
Fitness Expert, Owner of Track Fitness	1
Fitness OG, Maven, Transformation Specialist, Motivator, Educa...	3
Fitness advocate	1
Fitness and Age Management Expert	5
Fitness and Exercise Guru	1
Fitness enthusiast, NPC Bikini Competitor	1
Fitness expert, nutrition advocate, wellness guru, father	3
Fitness, Running, & Triathlon Coach; Sports Hypnotherapist; Au...	18
Flight attendant & founder of TheFlyingPinto.com	5
Flight attendant and writer	1
Floral and event designer	1
Floral designer	1
Fly.com	14
Fmr. Obama administration economist; CNBC and MSNBC contributor	10
Fmr. US Army Commander; VP of Audience, Relevance; Marketing F...	1
Fodors.com	72
Food & Beverage Consultant/Chef	9
Food & Nutrition Expert	11
Food & drink, art, culture, and travel.	1
Food + Drink Editor at Seattle Weekly	1
Food And Travel Writer	4
Food Blogger	42
Food Columinst	1
Food Literacy, author of 365wholefoods.com	5
Food Scientist	5
Food Stylist, Chef, Writer, Blogger, Author, Artist	1
Food Writer	7
Food Writer & Podcaster	5
Food and Health Editor, The Huffington Post	4
Food and Taste Blog Editor, The Huffington Post	1
Food and travel writer	14
Food and travel writer based in New York. Author of the websit...	12
Food and travel writer, co-author MERINGUE, mom	1
Food blogger	2
Food blogger Cara Eisenpress	8
Food blogger fearlessly dedicated to making healthy food taste...	4
Food blogger, WithRawIntentions.com	2
Food blogger, writer, Sports Mom	1
Food historian, University of California, Berkeley	2
Food justice, science and sustainability blogger	1
Food stylist and former Broadway performer	1
Food writer, blogger and home cook	33
Food, Travel and Fitness Writer	8
Food, Travel, Politics, Life	2
FoodFight	1
Foodbeast.com	63
Foodiggity.com	4
Foodrepublic.com | Where Food, Drink & Culture Unite	7
For more than 50 years, we've been working toward one global m...	1
For now I know it's true.	1
For those of us on a strict budget (practically all of us), value becomes that much more important.	1
Forbes Education Columnist; Author, 'How to Talk American'; Di...	1
Forbes Top 10 Most Influentials CEO's	5
Foreign Registered Lawyer, (California, USA) at Oldham, Li & Nie	8
Foreign correspondent.	1
Forgiveness expert, author	1
Former Administrator, United States Agency for International D...	1
Former Army doctor and psychiatrist	2
Former Boy Scouts den mother ousted for being gay	1
Former British ambassador to the United States, France and Tur...	1
Former Canadian pro Hockey player	1
Former Chief Creative Director for Vinyl Rewind TV, Head of Te...	1
Former Chief Scientist, National Ocean Service at NOAA	1
Former Congresswoman and former Assistant Director General of ...	2
Former MLB Executive	1
Former Mayor of Philadelphia, PA	1
Former Member of the U.S. House of Representatives	1
Former NBC News correspondent	1
Former Owner Boing Boing, Strident Feminist/ Comedian	2
Former Policy Director of the Federal Trade Commission and pub...	1
Former President and CEO, Women for Women International	1
Former President, National Association of Manufacturers	2
Former President, Warner Bros Television; author, "Finding Syl...	1
Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom; UN Special Envoy ...	2
Former Senior Manager of San Francisco's Planning Department, ...	1
Former State Coordinator for U.S. Senator Russ Feingold	1
Former Surgeon General of the United States	1
Former TV News Anchor Gone Digital...	5
Former U.S. Assistant Surgeon General	19
Former U.S. Congressman for Orlando, Florida	1
Former boxer	1
Former captain, U.S. Men's National Soccer Team	2
Former director of communications for the University of Wiscon...	5
Former editor in chief, 'The Deal'	2
Former elite marathoner and triathlete; Author, 'The Primal Bl...	7
Former hotel manager turned travel blogger; Struggling golfer	1
Former inmate on death row in Texas; author and activist	1
Former journalist; Detroit lawyer	2
Former journalist; blogger, Movoto.com	1
Former lawyer, kids app developer, yoga practitioner	8
Former philosophy professor, author of Boys Will Be Boys	1
Former senior writer, BillMoyers.com. President, Writers Guild...	2
Former supermodel	1
Formerly an editor of the New York Times Styles section	1
Formerly homeless activist	1
Fortune columnist and best-selling author of business books	1
Fotografin, Street Style, Fashion	2
Founder	69
Founder & CEO @ CREATE Leaders	2
Founder & CEO of Kuli Kuli, a mission-driven moringa company	3
Founder & CEO of Sweet Loren's (sweetlorens.com). Entrepreneur...	11
Founder & CEO of The Mom Complex	3
Founder & CEO of the Institute for Education	2
Founder & CEO, Consano	3
Founder & CEO, FEED Projects	1
Founder & CEO, Family Online Safety Institute	2
Founder & CEO, Localeur	6
Founder & CEO, MOMables.com, Author, kid friendly recipe d...	15
Founder & CEO, Newport Academy	2
Founder & CEO, Share Our Strength	1
Founder & CEO, Soolip	2
Founder & CEO, Sustain Condoms	1
Founder & CEO, TempleHome Architecture & Design; Founder, Lume...	1
Founder & Creative Director, Di Moda Public Relations	1
Founder & Creative Director, Oliver & Adelaide	1
Founder & Director of Center for Love and Sex, NYC & Sex Esteem®	1
Founder & Director • Millennial • Entrepreneur • Engineer Pass...	2
Founder & Director, Neuroleadership Institute	4
Founder & Executive Director of MadeSafe.org America's only no...	6
Founder & Executive Director, LitWorld	2
Founder & MD of ExactTrak	1
Founder & Pres Front Door PR; Avid Large Family Travel Writer;...	1
Founder & President of More Than Words Communications Agency, ...	1
Founder & President, Brain-Sells	2
Founder & President, Competitive Edge Tutoring LLC	1
Founder & President, Give an Hour	2
Founder & Principal Strategist at Delightful Communications	1
Founder & Singer, MIXTAPE: a Cover Band for Hipsters.	1
Founder + CEO of Upper West Strategies	1
Founder + CEO, Catchafire	1
Founder - Chronic Foot Pain Center of New York	3
Founder - Creative Director, HUMAN INTONATION	2
Founder - Essay Therapy, Writer, Professor, Associate Dean of ...	5
Founder - Vacationkids Travel Agency and Director at the Famil...	3
Founder @ Brit's Wine	1
Founder Baby Gourmet Foods Inc.	1
Founder Less Cancer	7
Founder Of The USA Yoga Federation	1
Founder The Explorers Museum, 37th President The Explorers Club	4
Founder Working Daughter, Author Mogul, Mom & Maid	6
Founder and Board Chair, Treatment Research Institute (TRI); B...	1
Founder and CCO, Tether	2
Founder and CEO , BBL Churchill Group - Divorce Finance	5
Founder and CEO of #EmergingUS and Define American	1
Founder and CEO of A Life Story Foundation	1
Founder and CEO of Aegis Living	2
Founder and CEO of Availendar.com	1
Founder and CEO of Avvo.com.	2
Founder and CEO of Babo Botanicals, Mother, Writer	1
Founder and CEO of Jazzercise	5
Founder and CEO of Made In a Free World	1
Founder and CEO of Nyaka AIDS Orphans Project, author of 'A Sc...	1
Founder and CEO of RunKeeper	1
Founder and CEO of StudentsFirst	1
Founder and CEO of The Dia Method	1
Founder and CEO of Women Empowered	1
Founder and CEO of ZocDoc	1
Founder and CEO, AdGent Digital	1
Founder and CEO, CAULIPOWER	1
Founder and CEO, Camp Bow Wow	1
Founder and CEO, Cheapism.com	1
Founder and CEO, CreditKarma.com	3
Founder and CEO, CreditSesame.com	4
Founder and CEO, Doorsteps	3
Founder and CEO, Earth-Kind	1
Founder and CEO, Faith Popcorn's BrainReserve; Best-selling au...	1
Founder and CEO, Girls Who Code; Former Deputy Public Advocate...	1
Founder and CEO, Good Clean Love	13
Founder and CEO, Greenhouse Eco Cleaning	4
Founder and CEO, HireAHelper.com	1
Founder and CEO, Juice Press	1
Founder and CEO, LYFE Kitchen, Retail	1
Founder and CEO, LeanMoms.com	1
Founder and CEO, LearnVest	1
Founder and CEO, Lithe Method and FitHipHealthy.com, Eternal C...	4
Founder and CEO, Lover.ly	32
Founder and CEO, Miracle Messages	1
Founder and CEO, PointDrive	1
Founder and CEO, Rebel Pilgrim	3
Founder and CEO, Revive Primary Care	1
Founder and CEO, Samasource	2
Founder and CEO, Scratch Weddings	1
Founder and CEO, SmartMoney LLC	1
Founder and CEO, The Grommet	1
Founder and CEO, The Legacy Movement	1
Founder and CEO, The Ommani Center for Integrative Medicine	3
Founder and CEO, The Style Line	1
Founder and CEO, The Toby Center for Family Transitions, Inc.	1
Founder and CEO, TheDoGooder.com	1
Founder and CEO, VacationHomeRentals.com	3
Founder and CEO, Virtuous Living	1
Founder and CEO, Vital Score	1
Founder and CEO, Vuact.com	2
Founder and CEO, WorkingMomsOnly.com and MaryEllenTribby.com, ...	3
Founder and CEO, Zeel.com	1
Founder and CEO, Zuckerberg Media; New York Times Bestselling ...	2
Founder and CEO, powersolution.com	1
Founder and Chairman, Grupo Salinas	1
Founder and Chief Director, Center for BrainHealth at The Univ...	2
Founder and Chief Marketing Officer, Angie's List	4
Founder and Chief Mission Officer, Imerman Angels	1
Founder and Chief Storyteller, food. curated., www.foodcurated...	29
Founder and Creative Director of I’m With Cupcake.	1
Founder and Creative Director of PathBinder Publishing and Lan...	2
Founder and Creative Executive Officer, The Arts Organization	2
Founder and Director of Reflections Yoga	3
Founder and Director, Academy for Coaching Excellence. Clinica...	1
Founder and Director, Catskill Animal Sanctuary	2
Founder and Director, Interloper Films	1
Founder and Director, MenAlive	3
Founder and Director, VernissageTV	2
Founder and Editor In Chief of LuxEcoLiving and co-founder of ...	28
Founder and Editor in Chief of Suitcase Magazine	2
Founder and Editor in Chief, EnlightenNext magazine	4
Founder and Editor of Zuburbia.com	170
Founder and Editor, Inside Philanthropy	3
Founder and Editor, PostpartumProgress.com	2
Founder and Editor-In-Chief, WomenOnTheFence.com	4
Founder and Editor-in-Chief of Bitchtopia.com	1
Founder and Editor-in-Chief of Digital Sports Desk	1
Founder and Editor-in-Chief, Healthy Travel	11
Founder and Executive Chairman of the World Economic Forum	2
Founder and Executive Director of The Center for Mind-Body Med...	1
Founder and Executive Director of the NEC Society	1
Founder and Executive Director, Amani Global Works and 2013 As...	1
Founder and Executive Director, Heal The World Foundation, Nig...	1
Founder and Executive Director, Institute for Mindful Leadership	3
Founder and Executive Director, Prevention Institute	2
Founder and Formulator of Opus Gaia	1
Founder and Lead Trainer, Total Brain Health, leading author a...	3
Founder and Managing Creative Partner, toth shop llc.	5
Founder and Medical Director, mothers2mothers	1
Founder and National Coordinator, White Ribbon Alliance for Sa...	2
Founder and Organizer, USA Science & Engineering Festival	3
Founder and Owner, Weddling Bliss Lane and RSVP Custom Creations	1
Founder and President	1
Founder and President of AdoptAClassroom.org	1
Founder and President of Financial Psychology Corporation	2
Founder and President of Growing Leaders, Best-Selling Author	18
Founder and President of MAi Strategies and Senior Adviser at ...	1
Founder and President of One Model Management	2
Founder and President of Pennsylvania Capital Management, Inc.	2
Founder and President of Representational Pictures, Inc.; Dire...	2
Founder and President, AntiGravity	1
Founder and President, Bedtime Math	2
Founder and President, Children of the Night	1
Founder and President, Devin & Tristan Give Back	2
Founder and President, LATHER	7
Founder and President, MetisMD	2
Founder and President, National Urban Alliance for Effective E...	1
Founder and President, Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors	1
Founder and President, United Planet	2
Founder and President, the Skout Group	1
Founder and Principal at Serviam Access, Partner at Bell Oaks ...	6
Founder and Principal of Lubov Stark LLC	2
Founder and Publisher, Dream of Italy Travel Newsletter	5
Founder and Publishing Editor of LUXE City Guides, www.luxecit...	1
Founder and Queen Bee at The Superbwoman, Inc.	4
Founder and Strategy Director @ Sightful (www.sightful.io), fa...	3
Founder and author of the blog, For All Momkind	1
Founder and chief scientist, Rocky Mountain Institute	1
Founder and designer, JadenLam.com	3
Founder and director of PeoplesHub	2
Founder and director, KamaDeva Yoga	1
Founder and editor, LatinFlyer.com	9
Founder and editor, Style Me Pretty	1
Founder and editor-in-chief, American Soccer Now	1
Founder and executive chairman of the nation branding and glob...	1
Founder and executive editor, MediaChannel	1
Founder and former editor of 'LA Weekly'; Life mastery teacher	3
Founder and managing director, Puentes & Associates, Inc.;...	3
Founder and medical director, TAO Institute of Mind and Body M...	5
Founder and owner, Classic Events NYC	1
Founder and owner, Create Amazing Health, LLC	4
Founder and president of "The Hollywood Trainer"	1
Founder and president, MissNowMrs.com	7
Founder and president, charity: water	1
Founder and principal photographer, Christopher Duggan Photogr...	1
Founder and the Chief Executive Officer, Consero	1
Founder at Sutra.co	2
Founder of 2meditate, Mindfulness teacher at UC San Diego Cent...	4
Founder of Atelier Advisors. Creator and Host of Finance for E...	1
Founder of BestPrepaidDebitCards.com	10
Founder of Blue Water Entertainment	1
Founder of Breath Research, Inc. and Developer of MyBreath	1
Founder of Brideside.com	4
Founder of Capian Enterprises	6
Founder of Celtel, B Leader	1
Founder of ChowNow, a tech lab for restaurants	1
Founder of Code for Nepal	2
Founder of CreditDonkey.com	6
Founder of DadvMom.com and author of Here Be Dragons: A Parent...	5
Founder of Elegant Femme and TARA Paris	16
Founder of Extraordinary Journeys, Leading Luxury Tour Operator	14
Founder of FSB Associates. Author of Online Marketing for Busy...	4
Founder of Flutegirl.ca	1
Founder of Free-Range Kids	3
Founder of Go! Girl Guides, The Women's Travel Fest & Damesly	2
Founder of GoldDerby.com	3
Founder of Good Women Project	2
Founder of Grey Matters International, Inc.	1
Founder of Hayo Publishing Studio	2
Founder of HowHeAsked.com	1
Founder of I AM THAT GIRL, internationally recognized speaker,...	1
Founder of Inner Sports, Author of Stillpower and The Path of ...	25
Founder of Iron Lotus PT and creator of DBX3 Functional Fat loss	8
Founder of Julesinspired International, Leadership Expert	2
Founder of KNOCKED UP NOW WHAT?, #1 Essence Magazine Bestselli...	3
Founder of LGBTQ support charity RUComingOut. Youth Programmes...	1
Founder of Levees.org	2
Founder of Life In Flight. Coach. Travel Insider. Helping Peop...	3
Founder of Live More Weigh Less	4
Founder of LuxEco Living and Healthy Child Healthy World	1
Founder of Makansutra	7
Founder of Mama Glow, author of Mama Glow: A Hip Guide to Your...	3
Founder of Mama's Bites	1
Founder of Modern Wedding Mom	3
Founder of Moisture Jamzz, Author of Your Idea, Inc., Entrepre...	1
Founder of MommyShorts.com, author, and mom of two.	7
Founder of Moxie Media and Bowl Bar	6
Founder of MyDailyTrainer.com	2
Founder of Nalini Method, NaliniKIDS and author of "The Nalini...	17
Founder of National Invisible Chronic Illness Awareness Week a...	3
Founder of Neatorama	1
Founder of Nothing But The Truth Publishing	13
Founder of Orthohealing Center and The Orthobiologic Institute...	2
Founder of Peaceful Weight Loss	5
Founder of Pittsburgh Lesbian Correspondents and the #AMPLIFY ...	3
Founder of Princeton Parker Ministries	3
Founder of ProYOGA (www.ProYOGAUSA.com), specializing in corpo...	1
Founder of Punchwell Press, Editor at Everplans	3
Founder of RAMP and and CEO Rockin’ Products LLC	1
Founder of RealMenRealStyle.com	1
Founder of Recapture Self	1
Founder of Sarah Rose Public Relations	1
Founder of Silva Brand	2
Founder of Suitcase Secrets and freelance journalist	1
Founder of SunRaven, Former Chief of Integrative Medicine and ...	9
Founder of SustenanceGroup.org; Journalist covering music, hum...	2
Founder of The Abundant Mama Project	1
Founder of The Love Mob, Inspirational Speaker, Change Agent	3
Founder of The Urban Yoga Foundation & Urban Yoga Tea	2
Founder of The Women's Career Transformation Network, author, ...	1
Founder of The Writing Whisperer, Author & Speaker, and World ...	1
Founder of TheInnerRevolution.Org, creator of Beth Green TV & ...	6
Founder of True Botanicals	5
Founder of Twist Out Cancer	2
Founder of Un-ruly.com and Yeluchi.com	1
Founder of Untapped Cities	3
Founder of Urban Ghosts, an online magazine about hidden histo...	3
Founder of Ventureneer	1
Founder of What2WearWhere.com, Author Packing for Travel	9
Founder of morphmom.com	2
Founder of projecthappiness.org, author, filmmaker	26
Founder of the Blue Cure prostate cancer nonprofit. Cancer pre...	7
Founder of the One Moment Company	2
Founder of the Youth Wellness Network, Hay House Author, Inspi...	4
Founder of the online children's bookstore at onepotato.net	4
Founder, 'Bank On Yourself; Financial security expert; Bestsel...	4
Founder, 1 World Enterprises	1
Founder, 22 INTERIORS	1
Founder, 365 Fit	1
Founder, 40:20 Vision; 7x7 Mentoring; Co-Creator 40 Women to W...	1
Founder, 49 prince street; Co-founder, Oceans 5, Energy Option...	1
Founder, A Broad Abroad	5
Founder, A Sense of Home	1
Founder, AZIAM Yoga	3
Founder, AccidentalBear.com and A.B. PR and Management	1
Founder, AcesTooHigh.com/ACEsConnection.com	1
Founder, AcuTake	19
Founder, AliveAndKickn.org	5
Founder, Angels at Risk	1
Founder, Arin Training	1
Founder, Armchair Advocates	2
Founder, Asia Transpacific Journeys	3
Founder, Axl Agency	1
Founder, BUREAU OF TRADE	1
Founder, Beautycism.com, Beauty Writer and Blogger	1
Founder, Bellacures	1
Founder, Best Drug Rehabilitation	1
Founder, Bitchless Bride	17
Founder, Bohemian Trails	2
Founder, BridalBar.com + JetFeteBlog.com	3
Founder, Brilliant Exits®	7
Founder, Burnett's Boards	1
Founder, Buzz Marketing Group	2
Founder, CARRIE HAMMER Custom Apparel -- Made-to-Measure Custo...	4
Founder, CEO California Age Management Institute	1
Founder, CEO Digijaks, Co-Founder Dalai VC. Cyber Security Expert	2
Founder, CEO of Fit Approach	3
Founder, CEO, Iridescent	1
Founder, CEO, The AllHumanity Group	1
Founder, CEO, and Executive Chairman of RLTV	2
Founder, California Breath Clinics; Inventor, TheraBreath Oral...	11
Founder, Cancer Wellness TV	3
Founder, CarePlanners	2
Founder, Chairman and CEO	1
Founder, ChargerGenie	1
Founder, Cook for Good	11
Founder, Cooper & Kid	2
Founder, Crowd Companies	1
Founder, DC Counseling and Psychotherapy Center	12
Founder, Dana Rebecca Designs	1
Founder, Dating With Dignity	11
Founder, Deep Streams Institute and Coming Home Project	4
Founder, Director, adMISSION POSSIBLE; author, speaker, adMISS...	2
Founder, EarthPeople Media | Fellow, Hunt Institute of Enginee...	2
Founder, Eat Well Global	7
Founder, Editor, RusticWeddingChic.com	4
Founder, Editor-in-Chief of InCultureParent.com	1
Founder, Editor-in-Chief of Munaluchi Bride Magazine	1
Founder, Editor-in-Chief, The Style Spy	1
Founder, Eleven Eleven PR	4
Founder, EqualShot; Faculty, Columbia University	2
Founder, Ever After Honeymoons	2
Founder, Every Mother Counts, Director/Producer, NO WOMAN, NO ...	1
Founder, FCancer	1
Founder, FMCancer, Inc.	1
Founder, Face Time Beauty Concierge	3
Founder, Factory 360	1
Founder, Family Love Village	1
Founder, Feed Our Families; Author of new book Is Food Impacti...	1
Founder, Feng Shui Wellness Consulting	1
Founder, Fit4D	1
Founder, Foodlets.com	21
Founder, Fungi Perfecti; Advisor, Program of Integrative Medic...	7
Founder, Giant Steps Coaching	6
Founder, Gimme the Good Stuff, Inc.	12
Founder, Giraffe Heroes Project	1
Founder, Girl's Guide to Paris	1
Founder, Give Me 10	3
Founder, GloSite.com	1
Founder, Go Inspire Go	4
Founder, GovLoop	2
Founder, Greenloons	2
Founder, Greenvironment, LLC	1
Founder, Growing Fortunes Financial Partners	1
Founder, HaveBabyWillTravel.com	9
Founder, Haven’s Kitchen	4
Founder, HealthBegins	1
Founder, HelloFlo	1
Founder, HitchedPic	1
Founder, Holidays for Humanity	1
Founder, HoneyColony; Director, 'Vanishing of the Bees'	1
Founder, Human Rights Action Center	2
Founder, Hyde School	6
Founder, Impact Group International	1
Founder, Inspired By This and Wedding PR Specialist	10
Founder, Institute for Applied Positive Research	1
Founder, Interview Success Formula	2
Founder, Invisible People	26
Founder, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America	1
Founder, Jincey & Co.	1
Founder, June Haynes Luxury Retailing	1
Founder, Kaboom	4
Founder, KindeaLabs	1
Founder, Lady Geek and Lady Geek TV	1
Founder, Laura W Campbell	11
Founder, Lauren-Nelson.com	5
Founder, Libraries Without Borders	1
Founder, Limitless Coaching	1
Founder, Lion in the Sun	2
Founder, Live and Challenge	2
Founder, Living MacTavish	7
Founder, Living in Digital Times (LIDT)	1
Founder, Lizzy Couture	1
Founder, Mama and Baby Love	1
Founder, Mamalode	1
Founder, ManAboutWorld: Providing information and inspiration ...	4
Founder, Marc-Michaels Interior Design	1
Founder, Market Domination Media®	1
Founder, Mentoring USA and Former First Lady of New York State	1
Founder, Millwright Design	2
Founder, Modellounge	1
Founder, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America	2
Founder, Movement of Spiritual Inner Awareness (MSIA)	2
Founder, Mozio.com	1
Founder, MyBrownBaby.com	2
Founder, Near Future Summit & Founder, Ecofabulous.com	1
Founder, Never Liked It Anyway	2
Founder, New York Dantao Qigong School, author of "Healing Can...	1
Founder, Noonday Ventures	1
Founder, Oceanie Orphanage of Haiti, Inc.	1
Founder, Oh Lovely Day	1
Founder, Open Future Institute, and world class entertainer	3
Founder, Palo Alto High Media Arts and CLO, ExplorePlanet3	2
Founder, Papertree Tutoring	5
Founder, People for the American Way	2
Founder, Podcast Host, Father	5
Founder, PowerHouse Growers.com	4
Founder, Practical Recovery; Author, Sex, Drugs, Gambling a...	1
Founder, PreOwnedWeddingDresses.com	5
Founder, Precision Nutrition, www.precisionnutrition.com	3
Founder, Pregame.com; Host, Pregame.com radio show on ESPN Las...	1
Founder, President Rue Morgue Magazine	1
Founder, Promote A Book	5
Founder, PsychCentral.com	1
Founder, RE Children's Project	1
Founder, Rebecca's House Eating Disorder Treatment Programs; A...	5
Founder, Red Cross Blue Shield Gang Prevention	1
Founder, Rich, Happy & Hot B-School	2
Founder, SSP Blue; Former NewsCorp/MySpace CSO; Former federal...	5
Founder, SafariBookings.com	1
Founder, Samantha Sutton Ph.D. Life Solutions	1
Founder, Sean's Last Wish Foundation; advocate for LGBT rights...	1
Founder, SeedTime.com	2
Founder, Sensophy	1
Founder, Sexy Over Sixty	1
Founder, Shana Sigmond Interiors	4
Founder, Sheila Kelley S Factor	1
Founder, Simply Be Good, a health & lifestyle consulting compa...	1
Founder, SomethingTurquoiseWedding.com	1
Founder, Sprawl-Busters	2
Founder, Spray di Sole; Celebrity Stylist	1
Founder, Strong as Steel Adaptive Sports	2
Founder, Studio Alta	3
Founder, SugarDetox.Me; Co-founder, Le Souk | summerrayne.net	7
Founder, Tell Another Mom	3
Founder, The Casey Feldman Memorial Foundation and EndDD.org	1
Founder, The Connectome	2
Founder, The Culinistas	5
Founder, The Emily Shane Foundation	1
Founder, The Forgiveness Project	3
Founder, The Huffington Post; Founder and CEO, Thrive Global	25
Founder, The Little Squares	1
Founder, The Miventi Collection	6
Founder, The Perfect Provenance	8
Founder, The Self-Love Movement; Author, Nice Girls Can Finish...	3
Founder, The Soteria Method™ - for Women	2
Founder, The Spiritual Salon; Best-selling author; Speaker; Sp...	23
Founder, The Women's Wealth Expert and blogger, www.hannahfoxl...	2
Founder, TheLi.st	1
Founder, Time to Play® / www.timetoplay.com	5
Founder, Trink Fitness; Director of Training, Peak Performance	1
Founder, True Health Initiative	147
Founder, Truth Wins Out	1
Founder, Truth in Aging	4
Founder, Untied.net	1
Founder, Vets Helping Heroes	1
Founder, Visions & Vibes ~ Inspired by Cait Chivonne	5
Founder, WOW Health Group, author, public speaker, health stra...	3
Founder, Wake Up World Communications	1
Founder, Wellfesto.com	1
Founder, Women’s World Summit Foundation	1
Founder, Writer's Bloq	1
Founder, YogaFit Training Systems Worldwide	1
Founder, YourBellaLife.com; TV Host	8
Founder, author NYC Food and Travel	1
Founder, craigslist + Craig Newmark Foundation	2
Founder, creator, and author, P.S.- I made this	4
Founder, laurelandwolf.com	3
Founder, political blog 'The Nakedist'	1
Founder, the Balcony Gardner	1
Founder, the TRAINOR Center	3
Founder, unplug meditation studio	1
Founder/CEO of 1-800-GOT-MOLD? and MycoLab USA	1
Founder/CEO, 1-800-Registry	1
Founder/CEO, More to Love	1
Founder/CEO, The Apogee Group	1
Founder/CEO, Yolanda L Jackson & Associates, Inc.	1
Founder/CEO/Chairmain, Love Alive International Group	1
Founder/Creative Director, Trends on Trends	14
Founder/Director, The Control Center In Beverly Hills, UCLA As...	2
Founder/Just Be®	9
Founder:  Soul University	4
Founder: JGrill Media, Senior Advisor: Parris Communications, ...	2
Founders, TantraNova Institute	4
Founders, Wisdom at Work, Pioneers in Mindfulness, Collective ...	1
Founders, paperlesspost.com	1
Founding Chief Executive Officer, Common Threads	3
Founding Dean, National School of Tropical Medicine	2
Founding Director of Transgender National Alliance, Author of ...	1
Founding Director, Partners for StrongMinds	1
Founding Director, Roy H. Park Leadership Fellows Program at C...	1
Founding Editor, Breaking Energy	1
Founding Editor, HBCUDigest.com	2
Founding Editor, The Ma'Ati Magazine	1
Founding Executive Director, Families USA	1
Founding Executive Director, National Center for Transgender E...	1
Founding Managing Director, Berklee Institute for Creative Ent...	1
Founding Partner and Chief Executive Officer, Eating Recovery ...	10
Founding Partner of Family Mediation, LLP	1
Founding Partner, Vintage Capital Investments	1
Founding Principal, Science Leadership Academy. Co-author of B...	1
Founding Team, GapJumpers	5
Founding director, Center for WorkLife Law; Distinguished prof...	2
Founding president, International Association of Yoga Therapis...	2
Founding publisher of Foodbeast.com	5
Founding team, Watsi	1
Four-Time Author, Longtime Writer, Actor, and Pug Lover	2
Four-time Olympic gold medalist	1
Four-time Olympic speed skating medalist	1
Four-time cancer survivor, motivational speaker and blogger	5
Frank Leon Roberts is a Ford Foundation Fellow based at Yale a...	1
Fred is the CEO of KCAA Radio. He's a "Libertarian Democrat" w...	4
Free lance writer and teacher	2
Freedom Finder, Undergrad at Pomona College	1
Freelance Broadcast Journalist	1
Freelance Editor and Writer	1
Freelance Engagement, AOL	1
Freelance Journalist	14
Freelance Journalist & Psychologist	25
Freelance Reporter	1
Freelance Sports Writer	2
Freelance Travel + Food Writer	6
Freelance Writer	24
Freelance Writer & Editor of Treksplorer	1
Freelance Writer & Founder of The Hudson Consultancy	4
Freelance Writer and Editor	14
Freelance Writer and creator of www.DebtRoundup.com	1
Freelance Writer, Breast Cancer Survivor and Activist	12
Freelance Writer, Digital Consultant	1
Freelance Writer, Editor and Founder Of For The Love Of Lingui...	1
Freelance Writer, Essayist	3
Freelance Writer, milliekerr.com and expatguidelondon.com	1
Freelance Writer/Content Creator dancing in and around Los Ang...	1
Freelance Writer/Podcast Host	1
Freelance Writer: Arts and Culture, International Politics	3
Freelance blogger, author, 'The Five Years Before You Retire'	1
Freelance blogger; Social media marketer	2
Freelance columnist and fiction writer; creator, The Needle Pr...	2
Freelance entertainment reporter, producer, blogger and corres...	1
Freelance food and travel writer	6
Freelance journalist	6
Freelance journalist and contributing editor at the Virginia Q...	1
Freelance journalist and fiction writer	4
Freelance journalist and founder of Rock 1 Kidney	1
Freelance journalist based in Oslo, Norway.	2
Freelance journalist, theatre critic, and author	1
Freelance outdoor and travel writer	3
Freelance photographer and cinematographer	3
Freelance photojournalist who is traveling to all capitals of ...	4
Freelance senior beauty writer for San Francisco Chronicle and...	5
Freelance style writer	4
Freelance travel writer	6
Freelance writer	71
Freelance writer + mother. Traveler + seeker of fine food, cra...	2
Freelance writer and author	3
Freelance writer and blogger	2
Freelance writer and blogger, Sweetbitter	1
Freelance writer and coach	5
Freelance writer and editor	8
Freelance writer and mom of four spirited girls	1
Freelance writer and musician	1
Freelance writer and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma survivor	1
Freelance writer and photographer	2
Freelance writer based in NYC	2
Freelance writer in Central New Jersey.	1
Freelance writer in New York	1
Freelance writer with diverse interests and ecletic background.	1
Freelance writer, BOFCA member	3
Freelance writer, activist	1
Freelance writer, blogger and communications professional; Alr...	15
Freelance writer, blogger at Zulkey.com	2
Freelance writer, blogger, aspiring author	5
Freelance writer, host and producer	1
Freelance writer, journalist, author of Weekends with Daisy	1
Freelance writer, mother, farmer's wife, expat	3
Freelance writer, patient advocate	3
Freelance writer, publicist	3
Freethinker, Writer and Artist	6
French journalist, author and documentary film director	1
French-American Features and Travel writer ♫.	17
Frequent contributor to the New York Times and author of Assis...	1
Fresh ingredients and chef-designed recipes, delivered to your...	15
Friendship Expert, CEO of GirlFriendCircles.com (the women's f...	10
From my point of view, this is the same policy that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been pursuing by inflicting such horror on the people of Gaza.	1
Front-end web developer and designer	9
Fueled by wanderlust. Fulfilled by adventure. Travelzoo publis...	4
Fulbright Scholar, India	1
Fulbright-Garcia Robles Fellow	1
Fulbright-Nehru Scholar, Principal Correspondent, CNN-IBN	1
Full Professor of Physics and Astronomy, University of Redlands	1
Full Time Wanderer + Writer + Entrepreneur	8
Full-time mama and writer, www.girlofcardigan.com	2
Full-time traveler and writer, blogging at TheLitmoLife.com	6
Functional Medicine Doctor & NYT Best Selling Author	1
Functional Medicine Nutritionist & Lifestyle Medicine Expert	5
Functional Medicine Physician, Wellness Specialist, Coach, Blo...	31
Funny drawing guy	1
GOOD NEWS	1398
GOOD Worldwide, Co-founder and CEO	1
GQ	1
GREEN	2622
GYST is an artist-run company working to make life better for ...	1
Gabe Elsner, MBA Candidate at The Wharton School of the Univer...	1
Gaia is your guide to a conscious life.	12
Gallatin School of Individualized Study at NYU	8
Gallup Senior Scientist	2
Gangaji shares a simple invitation, to shift your allegiance f...	7
Garden Editor, Sunset Magazine	4
Garden designer	3
Gary M. Krebs is founder of GMK Writing and Editing, Inc. He i...	1
Gastroenterologist, Arizona Digestive Health	1
Gay and lesbian wedding pioneer	5
Gay men’s health advocate and author, 'Everything a Gay Man Ne...	2
Gay rights activist and lesbian blogger, CardCarryingLesbian.com	2
Gay social media professional; founder and author, TheBlackout...	1
Gay veteran, journalist, and author	1
Gay wedding planner, educator and expert	10
Gender pay equity expert, Money Editor, Ms. Magazine, fmr Chai...	5
Gender scholar, journalist and author of The Man Diet...	1
Genderqueer activist, freelance writer, and publisher, 'Just a...	2
Genderqueer advocate, movement organizer, and part-time fashio...	1
General Manager, Mobile Work Exchange	1
General Manager, Worldwide Health, Microsoft Corp.	1
General Manager, Yodlee Interactive	1
General President, International Association of Fire Fighters	1
General Secretary, International Trade Union Confederation	1
Geoffrey Dunn is an award-winning writer and filmmaker.	2
Geriatrician, neuroscientist, and Founding Executive Director ...	1
Germany's leading online opinion magazine	1
Gerontologist, trauma mental health researcher	1
Get inspired. Plan your trip. Pack your bags.	45
Get out of town, Car Optional	16
Get the best answers to your travel questions on Trippy.com	11
Girl Versus Dough	10
Glamour Magazine	9
Global Business Editor, Israeli Daily Newspaper	16
Global CEO at Y&R	1
Global Citizen, Founder of Global Expats	1
Global Editorial Director, HuffPost	1
Global Executive Director, Equality Now	1
Global Head of Digital, PepsiCo Beverages	1
Global Leader in Women's Wellness and Menopause	31
Global Risk and Financial Analyst	9
Global Social Media Editor, HuffPost	1
Global Strategy Director, WGSN-Homebuildlife	1
Global Web Producer, Mother	1
Global health consultant, activist	1
Globetrotter and Community Outreach Coordinator, Student Loan ...	2
Go-to source for technology and gadgets for women	2
Goalkeeper for the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team and partn...	1
Goddess on a Mission.  Storyteller.  Mamma Sun Child.	2
Gold Medalist, 200-Meter Butterfly, 2000 Olympic Games	1
Gotham DJ	1
Governing news editor	1
Governor of Washington	1
Graduate Student; Proud alumnus of Hampshire College; Momma's boy	1
Graduate of Quinnipiac University, Culinary Lover, Writer, and...	4
Graduate student, Biomedical Sciences	1
Graduate student, Media, Culture, and Communication	1
Graduate student, Northwestern University	2
Graduate student, University of Connecticut	1
Graduate student; cancer thriver; Co-Founder Occupy Big Food	2
Grammy Award winning singer, songwriter, musician	1
Grammy winning Singer/Songwriter, Actress, Teacher and much mo...	1
Grammy-winning Songwriter; Spoken Word Artist	1
Gray & Associates Events, Owner	1
Green schools, indigenous rights, biodiversity conservation, s...	1
Green travel writer and co-founder of offMetro.com	2
Greenpeace Research Specialist	1
Grilling Authority, barbecuebible.com	39
Group Executive Director and CEO, Europe, Middle East, Africa ...	1
Guest Writer	35
Guest writer	1
Guide to cooking, eating and drinking on and off campus	9
H.E. First Lady of Rwanda	1
HATS:Berkeley grad/child of Mexican immigrants, Air Force vete...	1
HEALTHY LIVING	6694
HGTV Designer and Target Style Expert	2
HIV test counselor, phlebotomist and care coordination special...	1
HIV/AIDS activist and editor, Hivster.com	2
HOME & LIVING	4320
HR Business Partner; C&R Self Coach; Speaker	5
HR Expert, Speaker, Intuitive Medium, Self-Help Author, Coach,...	1
HR generalist, disability activist, lifetime Girl Scout and tr...	1
HRN	7
Hair Healer, Author, Performing Artist, Mentor, Founder of Bev...	1
Hair Specialist	2
Half of the Vlogging and Blogging duo from What Wegan Did Next.	2
Hand model, rocket scientist and interpretive dancer	1
Hand-picked deals. Expert advice.	21
Happiness Coach	7
Harm Reduction Manager, Drug Policy Alliance	3
Harrison Akins reminds us that the "shadow" over Myanmar's democratic turn is the continuing persecution and discrimination against the Muslim Rohingya minority. 	1
Harvard Law Student	1
Harvard Neurologist, Brain Health Expert and Author	4
Harvard lawyer, couples mediator and bestselling author of Fig...	5
Has Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeded in his oft-stated goal of reasserting Russia as a great global power by filling a geopolitical vacuum in Syria? It may appear so in the short term, but Syria could end up being his quagmire as Afghanistan was for the Soviet Union. (continued)	1
Has traveled to 130 countries and written about them all	18
Hawaii Writer & Blogger	2
Hay House Author, inspirational speaker, and mom of three who ...	16
Head Trainer for CrossFit Inc.	1
Head of CSR, Qustodio, a company that offers free parental con...	3
Head of Constituents and Strategic Initiatives, World Economic...	1
Head of Growth at Coach, formerly Co-Founder at BRB	3
Head of Health & Life, Swiss Re	1
Head of Laurel School, writer, mother, teacher	3
Head of New Media and Distribution for Odyssey Networks	1
Head of Opinion, HuffPost	1
Head of Retirement Income and Advice Strategy, Voya Financial	1
Head of Social at MEC, Digital Content and Audience guy	1
Head of User Product, pymetrics	1
Head of Weddings, Shutterfly, Inc.	3
Head of content strategy, Novus Asia	1
Head of publishing, Debrett's	1
Head of the family law practice at Schepisi & McLaughlin, P.A	5
Head of video programming, AOL.com	1
Head, Laboratory of Systems Biology	1
Head-Western and Central US & Senior Executive Coach, Goodston...	4
Health & Fitness Expert, creator, Moving Free� Technique, Cert...	3
Health & Positive Living Writer, Life Hacker, Recovering L...	1
Health & Wellness Enthusiast	1
Health & Wellness coach, Writer, Speaker	3
Health Coach	18
Health Columnist for the New York Daily News	1
Health Director, Woman's Day	1
Health Economist, Advisor, Trend Weaver	9
Health Reporter, Essayist, Blogger	9
Health Reporter; Author of 'Better Each Day: 365 Expert Tips f...	1
Health and Education Writer	2
Health and Wellness Activist, Author	17
Health and fitness tips and recipes at rbgfitclub.com and natt...	1
Health coach	2
Health consultant and writer specializing in prevention and ag...	31
Health educator, author, marketing communications consultant	1
Health food entrepreneur, nutritionist	1
Health promotion specialist, Consultant, Researcher, Speaker	6
Health psychologist, research scientist, author	1
Health tech watcher	2
Health writer	5
Health writer (O mag/Women's Health/Self/etc)	3
Health writer, essayist	1
Health, Wellness and Fitness Consultant	11
Health, lifestyle, and happiness writer - Today, Women's Healt...	1
Health, nutrition, and fitness expert. Author of The Omni ...	2
HealthCare Chaplaincy Network; Consultant; Writer; Chaplain	3
Healthcare technology analyst, modern girl	1
Healthy Habit Experts, Founders of CompleteBalance.com	1
Healthy Living, Certified Trainer, Author, Speaker	8
Healthy Living/Travel/Entertainment Contributor The Huffington...	5
Hearing about random shootings, missing planes or freak illnesses brings up thoughts and feelings we'd rather not have.	1
Heart Attack Survivor	1
Heart Surgeon at Cleveland Clinic and author of Heart 411: The...	4
Heart attack survivor	2
Heart disease survivor	2
Heart firmly affixed to sleeve + cape.  Author of upcoming "Su...	12
Heart of a Thousand Hills founder	1
Hecktic Travels	1
Hedge fund manager	2
Heiress; Socialite; Model; Fashion icon	2
Hello Universe	2
Helping Business Women Worldwide to Move to the Top of Their F...	5
Helping folks tap into their best selves.	33
Helping individual investors build and protect their wealth	5
Helping people of all faiths and backgrounds overcome barriers...	1
Helps people generate great ideas as founder of Creative Huddl...	1
Here are eight other reasons why I'll probably never meet a guy at the gym.	1
Here's how one of America's poorest school districts is trying to find a solution.	1
High Performance Psychologist; Finding Mastery Podcast Host	3
High Profile Divorce Attorney	1
High School Teacher, Mother	1
High school librarian and sometimes writer in Trenton, GA	1
High school teacher, freelance writer	1
Higher Education Researcher & Author	2
Higher Learning and Homegrown News about Marijuana	2
Historian	2
Historvius helps you find the greatest historic sites in the w...	8
Hofstra Journalism Professor	1
Holistic Bone Coach	1
Holistic Health, Lifestyle & Business Coach	3
Holistic Maternity Health Coach, author and speaker.	3
Holistic Nutrition Coach and Health Writer	1
Holistic Nutritionist, Founder of Mindful Health and Mindful M...	8
Holistic Women's Health Psychiatry, NYC	3
Hollywood hairdresser; author, 'Upper Cut: Highlights of My Ho...	1
Hollywood trainer; co-owner, Brik Fitness	1
Home Editor of Sunset magazine	2
Home Exchange Expert	10
HomeAway.com	46
HooplaHa is a media company focused on only good news. Our mis...	8
Hope For The Warriors, Public Relations Director	1
Hopper	5
Host + Managing Editor, WNYC's New Tech City	4
Host and Managing Editor, 'Take Action News with David Shuster'	1
Host and co-creator of Sonia's Travels	6
Host and co-creator, 'Let's Get Real with Erica Wides'	1
Host for the past 25 years of WFMU's 'Give the Drummer Some' a...	3
Host of 'The Zero Hour'; Writer; Senior Advisor, Social Securi...	1
Host of Born to Explore	14
Host of Brad Meltzer's Lost History on H2; Author of 'The Pres...	2
Host of Elizabeth Eats on FMTV, Nutritionist, Recipe Writer & ...	2
Host of Green Connections Radio podcast, Communications Consul...	3
Host of HBO's "Real Time with Bill Maher"	3
Host of HGTV’s Hammer Heads	1
Host of Happily Healthily podcast.	2
Host of Potluck with Ali	25
Host of Stand Up with Pete Dominick on SIRIUSXM and CNN's Pete...	1
Host of TV's national travel talk show "The Jet Set," CNN Trav...	8
Host of The Marijuana Agenda on YouTube, a live weekday news/t...	1
Host of The Newsmakers on TRT World	1
Host of the Digital Parent Podcast	1
Host of “Kin Eats Entertaining”	2
Host, "Passionate Justice", Our Salon Radio, Saturdays/Wednesd...	1
Host, 'America Revealed'	1
Host, 'The Interview Show'; Syndicated humor columnist	3
Host, Bottom up Radio, Publisher, OpEdNews.com	1
Host, Extreme Clutter on OWN: The Oprah Winfrey Network	1
Host, HuffPost Live	2
Host, HuffPost RISE	1
Host, Marketplace Morning Report	1
Host, Millennials Don't Suck	7
Host, Over Your Head	56
Host, The Mom Hour Podcast	1
Host-Producer: PaulaGordon.com/index.htm	1
Host/Co-Exec Producer Lives of Style Broadcast TV  Show	2
Hotel price comparison site	19
Hotel search	6
Hotels insider, Luxury travel reporter	11
Housekeeper, Hyatt Andaz	1
How did that happen? And what can Washington learn from New York's tech renaissance that could help fuel and expand the fledgling economic recovery that now seems to be blooming?	1
How is this possible? Teenagers in a consumer age and not only do you have everything you need, you don't actually want anything? I was surprised. And then I patted myself on the back.	1
HuffPost Comedy Deputy Editor	2
Huffington Post Blogger	1
Huffington Post Impact intern	1
Hugh McIntyre is a journalist covering music, the music indust...	2
Human Behavior, Parenting, and Education Expert, Speaker, Auth...	30
Human Resource Thought leader	1
Human Resources consultant	1
Human Rights Lawyer & Grassroots Activist	2
Human rights activist	1
Humanity for iPad - An interactive documentary for your iPad	5
Humor Bloggers	7
Humor Columnist	2
Humor Columnist. Mother of twin teens. Recovering minivan owne...	15
Humor columnist, The Stamford Advocate	2
Humor writer, blogger, co-creator of @paulryangosling, US Week...	6
Humor, travel, science and arts writer	9
Humorist, Author of The Official Dictionary of Sarcasm and The...	8
Humorist, Blogger, The Amy Situation	5
Humorist. Writer. Essayist. LGBT-centric.	1
Husband and wife	1
Husband to Todd, Dad to Claire & Mason, Founder of Cooper Smit...	2
Husband, Father Non-Commissioned Officer United States Army Re...	1
Husband, Father, Educator & Author	1
Husband, dad, strategy consultant, start-up advisor	5
Husband, father, writer. Complaints department at 8BitDad.com	1
Husband, writer, coffee aficionado and Lutheran pastor	1
Husband. Father. Farmer. Author.	1
Hypertension specialist, Professor of Clinical Medicine, NYPre...	5
I Love NY’s first "Greenest New Yorker"	1
I Write, I Eat, I Travel.	1
I am Executive Vice President and Chief of Provider Services f...	11
I am a Creative Life Coach, author of the Our Lady of Weight L...	5
I am a Holistic Radiologist and Certified Energy Health Practi...	1
I am a Leadership Coach and a Professional Speaker. I help peo...	1
I am a Registered Dietitian, Certified Fitness Professional, a...	4
I am a blogger, life coach, astologer, mom and adventurer	7
I am a journalist, husband, father and human....	2
I am a licensed clinical psychologist in the State of California	2
I am a medical doctor, author, motivational speaker, scientist...	4
I am a musician who loves writing.	1
I am a psychoanalyst, philosopher, and author.	1
I am a science journalist and author	1
I am a social worker, family therapist, and writer.	8
I am a visionary who believes that anything is possible throug...	3
I am a water microbiologist that works at the interface betwee...	1
I am a wellness/life coach; published author, WHEELCHAIR WISDO...	17
I am a writer and Advanced Style model	6
I am a writer and a filmmaker	4
I am an Environmental Attorney, Mother, and Activist on behalf...	2
I am an Instructor at Harvard University and a consultant and ...	2
I am an author, archer, and writing mentor.	3
I am an author, mentor and speaker who helps others to raise t...	36
I am an author, publishing consultant and bookstore owner.	2
I am an author/jewelry writer	1
I am an awakener. I received my first camera from my father wh...	2
I am an emotional writer.  I want to reach others through the ...	1
I am an independent journalist, specializing in women's health...	1
I am an international Southerner, using privilege as plastic m...	3
I am helping to create a world in which all people know they m...	1
I am hospice physician, death awareness advocate, and spiritua...	9
I am the Brandinista–An award-winning creative director that w...	10
I am the Edtor In Chief for Starry Constellation Magazine and ...	1
I am the author of Tea Leaves, a memoir of mothers and daughte...	1
I can't get you tickets.	1
I can't say that anymore.	1
I care so you don't have to.	3
I connect dots for a living	4
I hate you.	1
I help parents and teachers raise and teach safe, wise, and ki...	4
I help professionals in their 30s do more with their money.	5
I help sugar addicts and unhealthy people to shed weight and a...	2
I hope you feel it... Well can you feel it?"	1
I just need to take a bite." 🎶	1
I like to share the good news about your biz, brand or cause! ...	5
I live on the North Shore of Oahu; I'm a writer, and a homesch...	1
I look towards the sun and believe in the stars in the sky.  B...	2
I love to write. I love to talk. I love film scores.	1
I provide pragmatic advice and services to entrepreneurs and s...	6
I refuse to let this happen again.	1
I talk about adventure, ambition and lifestyle at VagueDirecti...	3
I talk about autism, a lot.	3
I teach stepmothers how to love and laugh.	9
I tell stories and drink wine.	1
I would be more than delighted to be a part of this movement. Why does a mental health issue need to be immobilizing before it is dealt with?	1
I write about behavioral psychology, habit formation, and perf...	28
I write about classical music for Gramophone, the Huffington P...	4
I write about people and places that I think are interesting.	1
I write about pop culture.	1
I write and I love jellybeans, cancerslayerblog.com	7
I write on sustainability issues, with a focus on palm oil in ...	1
I write primarily about fatherhood, marriage and family	2
I write short books full of big ideas and I am also the proud ...	2
I'm Carolyn Ossorio, also known as Pippimamma: mom to five who...	1
I'm a clinical assistant professor of psychiatry at NYU Medica...	9
I'm a elephant loving physician turned shamanic healer and I h...	1
I'm a law professor at George Washington University Law School.	1
I'm a licensed psychologist specializing in anxiety and mood d...	2
I'm a meditation coach, founder of the Kelly Morris Method, an...	2
I'm a physician and writer on the North Coast	4
I'm a real stickler. For a few days. Then my kids break me.	1
I'm a travel writer, creator, maker, and like podcasts more th...	1
I'm a writer based in LA	5
I'm a writer, jiu-jitsu player, traveler & eco-warrior	1
I'm actor and comedian who lives in Hollywood, Ca	1
I'm an adjunct professor, world traveler and bestselling author	3
I'm an author, blogger, and speaker.	4
I'm an author, founder and Executive Director of Prison Yoga +...	6
I'm interested in the intersection of horse racing, the thorou...	1
I'm just a nice lady who likes cocktails and traveling.	16
I'm not even talking about "life" messes (finding a job, getting married, etc.) but physical messes. This is my grandmother's generation's nightmare.	1
I'm the Chef & Co-Owner of Cress Restaurant. I am also a tenur...	1
I'm the last good thing about this part of town	1
I, a former collaborative attorney and a teacher of English an...	9
IAC Certified Master Coach, Fearless Living Master Coach, Ment...	7
IBCLC, CCE, JD, Director, A Mother Is Born	4
ICU Nurse and Fitness Instructor	1
IMPACT	3484
IT Professional Turned Travel Guru	1
IT Specialist, Business Analytics	1
If it stabilizes, Myanmar could have a bright future. It sits between the two fastest growing economies in the world, India and China, the second of which is revitalizing the ancient Silk Road trading route that George Yeo, Singapore's former foreign minister, sees as making Eurasia the driver of the future global economy. (continued)	1
If you love food, we're your people.	25
If you're feeling full and unfulfilled, it's time to try something new.	1
Illustrator	2
Illustrator, Little Dictators	1
Illustrator; Author, 'The Artist in the Office: How to Creativ...	1
Image Consultant, MBC Group	2
Image activist, writer and creator of MAD FREE	2
Image and reputation specialist, crisis management expert, med...	2
Imbibe Magazine	49
Immersion Learning and Employee Experience Nerd	2
Immigration Attorney & Human Rights Advocate	1
Immigration Lawyer with Larlee Rosenberg, Barristers & Solicit...	1
In The WorldPost this week Rafik Abdessalem, Tunisia's former foreign minister, explains why despotism will never return to his country. Soumaya Ghannoushi argues that the many years that activists from the moderate Islamist Ennahdha Party spent in exile abroad taught them "the art of compromise and consensus, which may be the hallmark of the nascent Tunisian political model." Jonathan Labin, head of Middle East, Africa and Pakistan for Facebook, chronicles how the same social media that fomented political upheaval is now connecting young people in the region to jobs. (continued)	1
In The WorldPost this week, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim writes that the landmark Xi-Obama agreement is not only good for the environment, but also for the economy. Environmentalist Bill McKibben parses out "what the deal is, and what it isn't." (continued)	1
In These Times and CultureStrike	1
In hopes that St. Knick soon would be there.	1
In the end, free societies must defend the right of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists against murder by fanatics, the Sony filmmakers against the North Korean regime and novelists like Salman Rushdie against a fatwa from the ayatollahs. But isn't Pope Francis also right that, in today's diverse and connected world, we must exercise the civil restraint of "respect" for the non-fanatic faithful (see the other depiction of the Prophet acceptable among some Muslims on left above), even if we insist on irreverence toward political authority?	1
Independent Documentary Features Producer, Writer and Director	1
Independent TV & Radio Host, ex-BBC & Al Jazeera	1
Independent TV/Film Producer, Social Impact Activist, Communit...	1
Independent documentary filmmaker, bartender and LGBTQ activist	1
Independent journalist	1
Independent journalist and activist; author, 'Eating Fire: My ...	2
Independent watchdog organization dedicated to the expansion o...	1
Independent, weekday news hour, anchored by award-winning jour...	1
Independent/Freelance Journalist	1
Indicas for the in da couch, sativas for the power."	1
Information, wisdom and inspiration for parents	5
Inga Batur is a blogger, Mum and a big-time travel fan. She lo...	6
Inner transformation, Systems evolution, Money	1
Innovation Leader, GEMS Education	1
Innovator, explorer, entrepreneur, neurosurgeon	2
Inquisitive, curious, and creative writer and seeker of knowle...	10
Insight Cuba, Travel Writer	11
Inspiration For World Wanderers	2
Inspirational self-help speaker and author, 'Mind Your Own Lif...	1
Inspirational speaker, award winning author, creative soul coa...	2
Inspirational travel site	1
Inspired Homes for Men	2
Inspired, Tailor-Made Travel to Latin America, Africa, Asia, A...	15
Instagram @StephBeTravel, Professional Traveler at Travel-Brea...	5
Institute for Research on Labor and Employment, UC Berkeley	1
Instructor in International Management at the Orfalea College ...	3
Instructor, Harvard Medical School; sleep physician, Brigham a...	1
Insurance advice and shopping	4
Integrative Interior Designer - C3D Feng Shui Expert	1
Integrative Medicine Physician (www.makinghealthyez.com)	22
Integrative Medicine Physician, Harvard Medical School	3
Integrative Physician | TEDx Speaker | Bestselling Author | Vi...	2
Integrative Physician; Author, 'The Hormone Cure' & 'The Hormo...	11
Integrative Physician; author, "The Metabolic Effect Diet"	5
IntegrativeCancerAnswers.com | Create A Body Where Cancer Cann...	16
Interdisciplinary Communications Professional	6
Interfaith Minister, Spiritual Director	1
Interim Dean, CUNY School of Public Health at Hunter College	1
Interior Design Enthusiast	2
Interior Design Journal	4
Interior Designer	5
Interior Designer and Antiques Dealer	10
Interior Designer and former blogger, Style Illuminated by LAM...	6
Interior Designer, President of sfa design	1
Interior Designer, Spiritual Seeker & Lifestyle Coach	1
Interior designer	1
Interior designer, blogger	4
Interior designer, blogger, humorist, writer and self-proclaim...	1
Intern, Cosmopolitan	1
Intern, Stylelist Home, The Huffington Post	1
International Careers Expert, Award-winning & Best-selling Aut...	1
International Chess Grandmaster	3
International Correspondent in Jerusalem	2
International Jewelry Designer | Entrepreneur, Chelsea Bond Je...	2
International Motor Press Association, President	1
International Music, Culture and Travel Videoblogger	3
International Program Coordinator, Cura Orphanage	4
International Program Director, Natural Resources Defense Council	3
International Travel Writer	1
International Writer, Blockchain, and Tech Advisor	2
International Yoga Teacher, Author	9
International author and speaker	7
International best-selling novelist of 'Scent of Butterflies' ...	1
International bestselling Book Author, Storyteller, Philosophe...	21
International bestselling author, satirist and social commentator	6
International designer	1
International human rights lawyer, social innovator, author, e...	1
International keynote speaker; Director of The Joy Project and...	22
International model scout, blogger, ex-New York/Connecticut so...	1
International security consultant and retired Homeland Securit...	1
International speaker, author of 'The Happy Student'	1
International speaker, author of the book Goodbye Mr Ex and He...	1
Internationally recognized coach, author, speaker and educator	2
Internationally recognized health expert, physician, scientist...	1
Internationally recognized pioneer in yoga and emotional heali...	6
Internationally-Known Shaman, Healer, Spiritual Teacher	1
Internationally-recognized nutritionist; International speaker...	30
Intuitive Coach and Mentor	13
Intuitive coach	4
Inventor and environmental entrepreneur	2
Inventor and founder of HeadBlade	1
Inventor of Afformations; founder of Power Habits Academy, Pow...	3
Inversity™ Engagement Specialist	5
Investigative Journalist/Entreprenuer/Author of 'The Point of ...	15
Investigative News Producer, Author, Intuitive	2
Investigative journalist and author	1
Investigative journalist, founder of The MauiIndependent.org a...	1
Is the West abandoning globalization and the post-war integration of Europe, a mutiny against what has provided its bounty? (continued)	1
Is your floor littered with all sorts of baseball paraphernalia -- gloves, bats, balls, bags, cleats, etc?	1
Israeli women's web magazine and blogging platform	4
It also might encourage those who may feel rejected or that they didn't do so well well, since I still was able to make a great career in spite of myself.	1
It is the higher will to gain the highest understanding of all: The understanding that our purpose is simply to BE.	1
It still doesn't.	1
It turns out, some of us were hunched over laptops, some of us were eating gold-frosted Krispy Kreme donuts, and some of us were... drunk.	1
It was a tiny white satin bow with curlicues of red, blue and yellow ribbon twirling out from either side, and I adored it. That bow rarely left my bangs for most of first grade.	1
Italian delegate for "Girls20 Summit"	1
I’m a mother/writer/poet/yoga teacher/student/swimmer/lover of...	15
J.D. Candidate, Cardozo Law School	1
J.J. Colagrande is a Miami based professor and author of Decò ...	2
JLA	1
JM is an innovative technology leader who practices mindfulness .	1
JOWY Productions	7
Jake Ducey is the 23 year old author of The Purpose Principles	1
James A. Thomas Distinguished Professor of Law at Cleveland St...	1
James Beard award-winning chef and NYT bestselling author	7
James E. Robison Professor of Business Administration at Harva...	1
Jan Birchfield, Ph.D., is the founder of Contemplative Leaders...	1
Jane Goldberg has been a practicing psychoanalyst for over 40 ...	1
Jane Labous is an award-winning broadcaster and photo-journali...	1
Janet Grillo is an award winning, critically acclaimed filmmak...	1
Jayson DeMers is the founder & CEO of AudienceBloom, a Seattle...	3
JePhCo	1
Jean Ragalie, RD, President, National Dairy Council	1
Jeffry S. Life, MD, PhD is a physician and author specializing...	1
Jenna Scatena is a magazine journalist, writer and editor.	3
Jenny From the Blog at TheSuburbanJungle.com - Humorist - Gen ...	29
Jessie Next Door	7
JetBlue Flight Attendant	20
Jetsetter is the go-to brand for travelers with discerning tas...	32
Jewelry designer	1
Jill Schary Robinson is a Los Angeles-based novelist, essayist...	1
Jim's a dad who happens to be an award-winning author, speaker...	31
Jo is an Author & Public Speaker on the topics of Digital & So...	2
Jody Becker	1
Jody Greenstone Miller, Co-Founder and CEO of Business Talent ...	1
John H. Biggs Distinguished Professor of Economics, Washington...	2
John Ireland works as a freelance journalist and filmmaker, ba...	1
John L. Weinberg/Goldman Sachs & Co. Visiting Professor at Pri...	4
John M. Musser Professor of Psychology & Child Psychiatry,...	1
John is a Detroit resident and his work focuses on building in...	1
Jordanian-American Journalist	2
Jorge P. Newbery is Founder and CEO of Debt Cleanse Group Lega...	1
Jose Martinez is a Los Angeles based journalist with his hand ...	1
Journalism Professor, Columbia College	7
Journalism Student, Syracuse University	1
Journalism in the Public Interest	1
Journalism professor, speaker and freelance journalist	2
Journalist	85
Journalist & Author	2
Journalist & Lawyer	2
Journalist and Author of Victory Deferred, Hot Stuff, Wilhelmi...	7
Journalist and Commentator	1
Journalist and Cultural Critic	1
Journalist and Lawyer - www.larrybodine.com/blog	2
Journalist and Producer	12
Journalist and Producer, BillMoyers.com	1
Journalist and Translator	1
Journalist and Travel Writer	9
Journalist and author	2
Journalist and author, 'Searching for Bobby Fischer' and 'The ...	1
Journalist and broadcaster	1
Journalist and budding francophone	5
Journalist and cancer advocate	1
Journalist and fiction writer	1
Journalist and freelance writer	1
Journalist and human rights activist	2
Journalist and producer	1
Journalist and screenwriter	3
Journalist and writer	23
Journalist in New York	1
Journalist specializing in luxury: in travel, lifestyle, desig...	14
Journalist who writes about culture, music, and the environment	1
Journalist with 20 years of experience, including Reuters, USA...	3
Journalist, Adventurer	1
Journalist, Author	3
Journalist, Author, Botanical Shakespeare, HarperCollins/Harpe...	4
Journalist, Author, Mechanical Engineer	1
Journalist, Author, Producer	7
Journalist, Author, Screenwriter, Speaker, and Former Newspape...	2
Journalist, Columnist	3
Journalist, Cook, and Author of 'The Yellow Table'	4
Journalist, Educator	1
Journalist, Filmmaker	3
Journalist, Filmmaker, Yoga Teacher	1
Journalist, Humorist, Author	1
Journalist, Novelist, and Ghostwriter	12
Journalist, Research & Strategy at Microsoft	1
Journalist, Television Reporter (sometimes), Student of Spirit...	1
Journalist, Traveler, Actor, Activist	13
Journalist, Writer, News Provider	2
Journalist, advocate, and author	5
Journalist, author	1
Journalist, author, podcaster	2
Journalist, book editor, copywriter, troublemaker	1
Journalist, documentary producer and literacy advocate. Period...	1
Journalist, entertainment reporter, travel writer and media di...	20
Journalist, professor and Hult Prize winner	1
Journalist, publicist and bona-fide Italophile who blogs at 1c...	1
Journalist, stress management consultant	3
Journalist/Author/Media Specialist	8
Journalist/Author/Scriptwriter/Blogger	1
Journalist/Blogger MusingsonMotherhoodMidlife.com	2
Journalist/Travel Writer	8
Journalist; Author, "I Kiss Your Hands Many Times: Hearts, Sou...	1
Journalist; Founder, BarbaraFicarra.com; Media broadcaster; He...	10
Journalist; Founder/Editor, First Rate America: Choosing the G...	1
Joyologist	2
Judith Edersheim is Co-Founder and Co-Director of the MGH Cent...	1
Judy Wieder, former EIC of The Advocate; Former ED Out, OutTra...	1
Julia Pott	1
Just One Suitcase	7
Just watch the latest video in our Talk Nerdy series above to learn more.	1
K.K. Goldberg, author of The Doctor and the Stork: A Memoir of...	2
KFBK Radio Senior Editor	1
Karen Rubin is an eclectic travel writer who has been spanning...	1
Karen Salmansohn	8
Karuna Jaggar is the executive director of Breast Cancer Action.	2
Kate is the author of the recently released Sweet Tooth: Th...	1
Katharine Coman and A. Barton Hepburn Professor of Economics, ...	1
Kathy Jackoway	1
Kellee Maize is an internationally-renowned independent rapper...	1
Kelly Bulkeley, Ph.D., is a psychologist of religion focusing ...	2
Kelly Hirt is a mother, teacher, writer and blogger at http://...	5
Kelly Kleiman is a consultant to charities and philanthropies,...	1
Kelly is a fiery social activist and entrepreneur who founded ...	1
Ken Reed is sports policy director for League of Fans and auth...	2
Keynote Speaker and Author, 'Make Change Work For You"	4
Keynote Speaker • Corporate Trainer • Happiness in the Workpla...	15
Keynote speaker and bestselling author who helps people love c...	2
Keynote speaker, bestselling author, communication expert	4
Konsuke Matsushita Professor of Leadership, Harvard Business S...	1
Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health is the largest yoga and medit...	23
Kristin Tennant is a divorced-Christian-liberal-remarried-Midw...	4
Kristin is an editor, travel writer, and founder of CrushGloba...	6
L.A. Based Art/Culture/Lifestyle Writer	4
L.A.-based Journalist	1
LA Editor, PopSugar	1
LA-based comedy writer	1
LA-based screenwriter and author	1
LATINO VOICES	1130
LCSW and Founder of AffairRecovery.com	2
LD Thompson is the author of THE MESSAGE: A Guide to Being Hum...	4
LGBT Advocate; VP of External Affairs at National Gay & Lesbia...	1
LGBT advocate, political strategist and poet	1
LGBT civil rights advocate	3
LGBT flirting and dating expert; founder, OneGoodLove.com	1
LGBT health expert, public speaker, writer for hire & fun, tra...	1
LGBT relationship and lifestyle writer	2
LGBTQ Activist, Journalist, Writer, TV Host, and Political & M...	2
LGBTQ Activist, VP of Program Development & Community Relation...	1
LGBTQ History Speaker & Writer	2
LGBTQ suicide prevention and crisis intervention specialist	2
LGBTQ youth activist, singer, avid reader and cat fanatic	1
LIcensed psychologist, social worker and author	5
LMFT and Trauma Therapist	3
Lab manager, Parkway SleepHealth Centers, RPSGT, RST, MFA	4
Largest online and mobile marketplace for lift tickets and oth...	46
Larry Sarokin is a 50+ Fitness teacher and author of “Mudwalki...	1
Last person on Earth not on Facebook	1
Last week Japan's former defense chief Yuriko Koike wrote from Tokyo that Japan's constitutional restrictions on using force have prevented it from taking action against ISIS, and argues that that must change. Writing from Beirut, Jordanian analyst Rami Khouri has political misgivings about official support across the Arab world for the anti-ISIS coalition when the public is not consulted. From Amman, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports both on the massive protests against ISIS and on the undercurrent of opposition in Jordan that believes the fight against ISIS "is not our war." (continued)	1
Latin America expert, see more about me at http://linkd.in/1mF...	3
Latina, traveler, and lover of all things New York	1
Launch Director, Africans Rising for Justice, Peace and Dignity	1
Laura Munson is a New York Times best-selling author and the f...	1
Laurie Brucker	1
Law Professor	1
Law Student, Yogi, Writer	1
Law prof, author, global adventure-seeker, emerging outdoorswo...	31
Law professor and activist	1
Law professor, author, former prosecutor	1
Law professor, school board member, dad	1
Law professor, travel guru, novelist	18
Lawyer	6
Lawyer and certified financial planner	3
Lawyer living in New York City	1
Lawyer, Mom, Truman Project Political Partner, Army Brat, NWPC...	3
Lawyer, Podcaster, Speaker, Educator	1
Lawyer, Supreme Court of Tunisia.	1
Lawyer, activist, talk show host, brother of Dallas Mavericks ...	1
Lawyer, media commentator, social critic, author, columnist,  ...	1
Lawyer, mediator and author	1
Lawyer, writer and expert on First Amendment / free speech mat...	1
Lawyer-turned-writer, Check out the teaser for her new webseri...	1
Lawyer/mediator/writer	4
Lazy and Interested	1
Lead CPA, American Tax & Financial Center at TurboTax	2
Lead Editor for Conan O'Brien	3
Lead Inventor, ?What If! Innovation Partners	1
Lead Organizer, FIERCE	1
Lead designer at Mortise & Tenon, author, TV host, lifesty...	3
Lead economist, PayScale.com	1
Lead for Public and Patient Engagement, Institute for Healthca...	1
Lead researcher, TouringPlans.com	2
Leader of the global recruitment industry	1
Leader, Local HIV/AIDS Outreach Team Leader & Affirming Hope L...	1
Leader, coach, speaker, CEO and president, ICAN	1
Leadership Coach	1
Leadership Guide, Vistage International Chair	1
Leadership Mentor + Change Creator	2
Leadership Speaker & Mental Toughness Coach	2
Leadership and Community Engagement	1
Leadership consultant, speaker and author, 'My Thinning Years:...	1
Leadership keynote speaker, consultant and author	1
Leading Privacy Advocate, CEO of MeWe	3
Leading authority on global living, working and retirement ove...	2
Leah Mayor is a member of the Ford Foundation's Inclusive Econ...	1
LearnVest is a program for your money.	63
Lecturer in Epidemiology of Microbial Diseases and Global Heal...	1
Lecturer in Film Production, Northwestern University in Qatar	5
Lecturer in Media Studies , Santa Clara University	1
Lecturer in Public Policy, Harvard Kennedy School	1
Lecturer in food and nutrition politics and policy, University...	1
Lecturer of Expository Writing, NYU	1
Lecturer, Management Communications, Wharton Business School; ...	1
Lecturer, UCLA	2
Lee Allport Editor of My Sentiment ExactLee.com	2
Leeat Granek, PHD	1
Legacy-preserver, interviewer, founder of Acknowledge Media	2
Legal Affairs Columnist, The Daily Beast - and a meditation te...	3
Legal Fellow, International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commi...	1
Legal Issues Blogger	1
Legal expert; Family law attorney at Cozen O'Connor	1
Legislative Representative, Washington Legislative Office, ACLU	2
Lessons from the Broke Girl	15
Let today be the last day we joke that we are stupid or crazy. It's not clever to pretend we hate what we love, and it wasn't wrong study it.	1
Let's Talk Wine	10
Libertarian Candidate for California Governor 2018; Creator of...	1
Librarian, writer and dlistblog.com ruminator	3
Licensed Clinical Social Worker, College Instructor, Author	23
Licensed Clinical Social Worker; Psychotherapist	3
Licensed Marriage & Family Therapist	3
Licensed Marriage & Family Therapists	3
Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist	10
Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist, Co-Author of 'The Mind...	1
Licensed Mental Health Counselor and Author	16
Licensed Mental Health Counselor, Weight Loss and Wellness Exp...	16
Licensed Psychologist	1
Licensed Psychotherapist	37
Licensed Psychotherapist in Los Angeles	21
Licensed clinical social worker	1
Licensed professional counselor and parenting coach	4
Licensed professional counselor, marriage and family therapist...	1
Licensed psychologist and marriage and family therapist	19
Licensed psychologist and marriage and family therapist focuse...	6
Licensed psychotherapist, executive coach, columnist, and auth...	52
Licensed psychotherapist; Author, 'Your Ultimate Life Plan'; N...	1
Licensed social worker, author of three books, part of the res...	3
Life & Wellbeing Coach, Ayurvedic Practitioner and Demarti...	1
Life Coach	1
Life Coach, Best Selling Author, & Speaker. Strategist for Cre...	2
Life Coach, Mindfulness Meditation Teacher, Author	30
Life Coach, Speaker, Writer, Survivor	1
Life Enthusiast, Urban Survivalist	3
Life Strategist for Families in Transition and Blogger	1
Life Transformation Coach, Founder of Center for Heart Living	1
Life Transition Counselor	24
Life and Business Coach	64
Life and Business Coach, Author of Operation Happiness	2
Life coach, career expert and CEO, Ultimate Lifestyle Enterprises	2
Life coach, professional speaker, author and Gen Y expert	14
Life coach, university lecturer, public speaker, and the Co-Fo...	24
Life in Motion Blog, Photographer & Story Seeker	1
Life re-assessment specialist, youth empowerment developer	1
Life, Learning, and Business Design Strategist; Host of Smart,...	4
Life, for them, is pain.	1
Lifelong Democrat who claims never to have voted for a Republican	1
Lifestyle & Travel Blogger	22
Lifestyle & travel editor/travel journalist	10
Lifestyle Blogger	2
Lifestyle Blogger at EssentiallyAngela.com	7
Lifestyle Editor, HuffPost	4
Lifestyle Editor, The Huffington Post	2
Lifestyle Journalist	2
Lifestyle Photographer, Caregiver, Citizen Activist	5
Lifestyle Reporter, HuffPost	1
Lifestyle Wedding Photographer	1
Lifestyle Writer, Masterpiece Junkie and Mom	15
Lifestyle and Parenting Blogger, De Su Mama	1
Lifestyle and Parenting Blogger, Up Popped A Fox	1
Lifestyle and career blog	3
Lifestyle blogger	1
Lifestyle blogger and Creator of Inspirations & Celebrations	1
Lifestyle blogger and founder, MoreThanMary.com	3
Lifestyle editor	1
Lifestyle, Design, Technology, Travel, Digital Media	4
Lifestyle, Relationship, and Wellness Expert	6
Lighting & Home Furnishings	12
Linda Kaplan Thaler is the Chairman of Publicis Kaplan Thaler,...	1
Lindsay, Owner & Principal Planner, LVL Weddings & Events	1
Liquor.com	101
Lisa Helfend Meyer is certified as a Specialist in Family Law ...	4
Lisa Holt Design Group	7
Lisa is a guest on the planet, aware and articulate about the ...	10
Lisa is a writer, raconteur and bon vivant who loves to travel...	1
Literacy Assistant	1
Lives in LA; Works in television	1
Living with metastatic cancer; Writer, www.lisabadams.com	10
Living with stage IV breast cancer, born and raised in Chicago	4
Local guides. Worldwide.	22
Location-Independent Entrepreneur	2
Logan Lynn is an American musician, writer, composer, singer, ...	1
London-LA Journalist, Editor, Branded Content Producer	4
London-based travel writer	1
Lonely Planet is the place to turn for every kind of trip insp...	14
Long time Huff Post Contributor for Entertainment, Travel, Lif...	17
Long-distance swimmer, journalist, and broadcaster	7
Longest serving White House correspondent	1
Longevity expert, doctor of Chinese medicine and bestselling a...	1
Longtime NYTimes contributor, author of national bestselling "...	1
Looker, writer, New Yorker	1
Los Angeles Divorce Attorney	1
Los Angeles-based Writer & Blogger	1
Los Angeles-based photographer and photojournalist	1
Love Coach, Transformation Expert and International Speaker	1
Love, Marriage, and Divorce Served on the Rocks...	1
Lover to only one...and it's a TV show called "V". Writer, Blo...	4
Loyalty Program for the Best Independent HOtels	3
Luxury Maven on a Quest for the Best at KatieLara.com	3
Luxury Travel Expert, Relationship and Lifestyle Columnist	6
Luxury hotel deals, First Class for free, Top Travel Credit Cards	1
Luxury lifestyle journalist residing in New York City.	1
Luxury need not be pricey, but it must always be indulgent.	5
Lynn O'Rourke Hayes is a travel and lifestyle columnist, an au...	3
Lynne Rossetto Kasper	15
M.A., Certified Women's Health Coach focusing on healthy pregn...	1
M.D.	6
M.D., Author, Television Producer & Host	1
MARIE W. WOOLF has been the founder, CEO and creative director...	3
MD '16 at Brown University	1
MD, America’s TV Eye Doctor and best-selling author, www.Boxer...	1
MD, Functional Medicine practitioner, Homeopath. and Medical I...	4
MD, MPH, Primary Care Physician	1
MD, PhD, Author, From Detached Concern to Empathy, Associate P...	1
MEDIA	2943
MIT Knight Science Journalism Fellow	2
MIT engineer and bestselling author of When Technology Fails a...	2
MMA Blogger	1
MONEY	1756
MS	6
MS, LCPC	1
MTV's 'The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons'	1
Macmillan Publishers, Quick and Dirty Tips, Mighty  Mommy	1
Made By Michelle	1
Magazine editor	1
Magazine editor and freelance writer	1
Magazine editor in New York City; Author of 'Food: The Good Gi...	1
Make-up and hair artist	1
Maker + writer + mom	6
Makes films; Board member, Freedom of the Press Foundation	3
Makeup Artist and Owner, Pelt	1
Makeup Artist, Beauty Consultant	1
Makeup artist	21
Making a difference every day that I'm able.	2
Malika Saada Saar is Google's Senior Counsel on Civil and Huma...	4
Mama to Milo, Author, Lifestyle Curator. Founder of The See an...	8
Mama, Wife, Yogi, Co-Founder of Positively Positive. Living Ho...	2
Management Consultant and Writer	1
Management Expert and CEO of the Chartered Management Institute	1
Manager of COAST, EquityBD	1
Manager, Diamond in the Rough	1
Manager, Health Sciences and Nutrition, PEDIGREE® Brand	1
Manager, Social Media at Sprint	2
Managing Attorney; Managing Director, Lavish Affairs	6
Managing Director @ Grit Ventures	1
Managing Director and CEO, Tech Mahindra Ltd.	1
Managing Director at Statkraft	1
Managing Director, Influent50, an AARP Services, Inc. Agency	1
Managing Director, LEAP: The Centre for Social Impact (incubat...	1
Managing Director, Message2Media; Forbes author; Emmy-winning ...	2
Managing Director, One Earth Capital, LLC	2
Managing Director, Out Leadership	1
Managing Director, Robin Hood Relief Fund	1
Managing Editor	7
Managing Editor @Retrograde Communications	1
Managing Editor at Writer's Digest; CN Traveler contributor; b...	1
Managing Editor for Ericsson Cloud. All opinions my own.	1
Managing Editor of Impact & Innovation, The Huffington Post	1
Managing Editor, AfterEllen.com	10
Managing Editor, FindtheRightJob.com	2
Managing Editor, Healthy Living	5
Managing Editor, Instagram	10
Managing Editor, She's My Superwoman	3
Managing Editor, TheJazzChef.com, and pioneering ezine editor ...	1
Managing Editor, Trip.com	13
Managing Editor, URB.im	8
Managing Partner	6
Managing Partner at Runnymede Capital Management	5
Managing Partner of Boots Road Group, a marketing firm for peo...	1
Managing Partner, NetScouts Basketball	2
Managing Partner, Wildes & Weinberg P.C.	1
Managing and Senior Partner of Jack Rapid Runners, LLC	1
Managing director, DEGW North America	1
Managing editor for Impatient Optimists, the blog of the Bill ...	2
Managing editor, Altered Couture	2
Mango & Tomato	11
Manoj Jain, MD MPH is an infectious disease physician, a write...	7
Mara blogger, columnist	1
Marathoner, copywriter	2
March of Dimes volunteer and mother of 2014 March of Dimes Nat...	1
Marianne Williamson is an internationally acclaimed author, le...	1
Marine toxicologist and Exxon Valdez survivor	1
Marketer	1
Marketer and writer	1
Marketer, Author	3
Marketer, Consultant, Blogger, Entrepreneur	2
Marketer, Writer, Multi-tasking coffee-drinking Mom of five	12
Marketer, poet, six-year breast cancer survivor	1
Marketing & Communications Professional	2
Marketing & media maven; change agent; yogini; single mom	1
Marketing Director	4
Marketing Director at Chillisauce.com	1
Marketing Director, FarmersWeb (www.FarmersWeb.com)	1
Marketing Expert, Crossfitter, Zumba Instructor, Rescue Pup Ma...	1
Marketing Manager, I Do Foundation	4
Marketing Manager, James Allen	1
Marketing Master - Author - Blogger - Dad	3
Marketing and growth consultant. Fintech, food, and other thin...	8
Marketing and sales professional	1
Marketing communications and media executive, seeker, ponderer...	2
Marketing coordinator, JustGive; traveler, photographer	2
Marketing coordinator, writer, photographer	1
Marketing/Communications specialist, blogger on divorce and co...	9
Marriage & Family Therapist, TV Love and Intimacy expert, and ...	5
Marriage & Family Therapist, Writer	2
Marriage Educator & Divorce Coach	4
Marriage Proposal Planner and Entrepreneur	11
Marriage and Family Therapist	9
Marriage and Family Therapist specializing in adoption-related...	1
Marriage and Family therapist, author of the book, It Takes On...	3
Marriage and family therapist	2
Marriage, Family Therapist	11
Marvalous Babies	6
Mary Tyler Mom	35
Mary Wald is the founder of TheCommunity.com, recent escapee f...	1
Massachusetts-based freelance writer/podcaster	1
Master Chef, Motivational Speaker and International Blogger	18
Master's Candidate at Harvard Graduate School of Education. He...	1
Master-colorist to A-list Hollywood	2
Mastering #fear is my specialty. Fear of rejection, success, f...	32
Masters Candidate at the Yale School of Forestry and Environme...	1
Materials Scientist; Author 'Newton's Football'; Host, Science...	1
Mathematics & computer science professor, South Dakota School ...	1
Matrimonial Attorney	1
Maureen Anderson is the host of the nationally syndicated radi...	43
Mayor of Baltimore	1
Mayor of Carlstadt, New Jersey	1
Mayor of Lafayette, LA	1
Mayor, Chapel Hill, N.C.; attorney, Tin Fulton Walker Owen	1
Mayor, City of Hartford	1
McGinnis Professor of Sleep Medicine, Harvard Medical School	3
Meanwhile, as Xin Chunying writes from Beijing, China is also seeking to establish the rule of law through steadily boosting the role of the National People's Congress. While stifling dissent, China's President Xi is taking on both "tigers and flies" in his no-holds-barred assault from the top down on corruption. 	1
Mechanical Engineer for STIHL Inc.	7
Media Coach, Author of ‘Sell Yourself Without Selling Your Soul’	2
Media Expert, Author, Entrepreneur	2
Media Matters For America	1
Media Personality, Celebrity Designer, Style Expert	28
Media Psychology Adjunct Professor	14
Media Strategist	1
Media Strategist. Entrepreneur. Consultant to law firms. Autho...	2
Media and Technology Entrepreneur, Blogger	8
Media artist, Mindfulness coach, Lover of nature	2
Media professional	1
Media, Presentation and Speech trainer, speech writer and foun...	3
Mediator, Family Law Attorney, Collaborative Law Practitioner,...	23
Medical Advisor, RefluxMD.com	1
Medical Correspondent, CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley	1
Medical Director and Senior Vice President of Health Services,...	1
Medical Director of Manhattan Physical Medicine and Rehabilita...	3
Medical Director, Breast and Ovarian Cancer Prevention Program...	1
Medical Director, East-West Medical Research Institute	1
Medical Director, Los Angeles County Department of Children an...	2
Medical Director, Trinity Mother Frances Hospital in Tyler, Texas	1
Medical Epidemiologist/Physician	3
Medical Student	1
Medical Student, Activist, & Public Health Researcher	1
Medical doctor and naturopathic doctor	1
Meditation Coach, SuraCenter.com	21
Meditation Teacher & Author	4
Member of Ireland's Council of State	1
Member of Overtone, a six-member, all-male vocal group feature...	1
Member of Philadelphia law firm Kang Haggerty & Fetbroyt LLC; ...	1
Member of RAISE	1
Member of RAISE (Revolutionizing Asian American Immigrant Stor...	1
Member of the Creative Activist Community, Creative Visions Fo...	1
Member of the New York State Spare Seat Expedition	1
Member, Florida Artists Hall of Fame, Former Editor-in-Chief, ...	6
Member, NY City Council	1
Member, Oxford Martin Commission for Future Generations and Di...	1
Memoir and essay writer striving to maintain sanity, humor and...	1
Men's Coach, Authentic Communication Expert	1
Men's Health Advocate | Harper Collins Author | TV Host | Vent...	2
Mendelson Family Professor of American Studies at Columbia; Re...	1
Menswear Designer at Ikiré Jones, Author of LessGentleMen.com,...	1
Mental Health Advocate, Crisis Counselor, Sometimes Writer/Actor	3
Mental Health Expert and Founder of The Center • A Place of HOPE	18
Mental health advocate, psychology student	1
Mental health expert and the author of Living Well Despite Adv...	1
Mentoring *secretly unhappy* smart women at unapologeticandhap...	2
Mesothelioma Cancer Survivor and Advocate	3
Meteorologist and Author of 'Weather Whys: Facts, Myths, and O...	7
Meteorologist/Author	2
Mg. Editor, YogaUOnline.com	8
Mia Berman is a writer/performer with a humorous, satiric poin...	3
Michael Ardan is a designer and art director living in New Yor...	1
Michael Green is CEO of the Center for Environmental Health, a...	2
Michael Henry is a Content Strategist based in New York City a...	13
Michael Jinkins is the President of Louisville Presbyterian Th...	1
Michelle Cove is the Executive Director of MEDIAGIRLS, a nonpr...	10
Michelle is a HuffPost original winner of our Fearless Voices ...	10
Michigan State football blogger	1
Microbiologist	2
Midlife Mother. Talk Radio Show Host. Writer/Blogger/Author/Bu...	2
Midlife researcher, author, psychotherapist	5
Mike Ghouse is committed to build a cohesive America and offer...	1
Mike Robbins is the author of three books, Focus on the Good S...	15
Military Veteran | MBA graduate | Leadership Guru	1
Military spouse; transportation electrician’s apprentice, Inte...	1
Military wife and new mother	1
Millenial Entrepreneur, Speaker and Writer	2
Millennial Money Expert	1
Mindful thinker and author	4
Mindfulness Author, Educator, and Speaker	1
Mindfulness Educator, Speaker, Podcast Host, Soon to be Author...	4
Mindfulness coach, bestselling author, rogue element	11
Mindfulness, Meditation teachers; bestselling Authors: The Une...	52
MiniTime is the first family travel site with personalized rec...	56
Minister of Transportation and Acting Chief Executive for the ...	1
Miss America 2012	1
Missionary Physician, Serving in Mission in Kenya	1
Mississippi Epidemiologist and Social Justice Activist, with v...	1
Mistress of Mischief	1
Mobile and Web Design and Development Company Based in New Yor...	2
Mobile/VR Editor for New Atlas	1
Model and actor	1
Model and award-winning author of MyKindofLife.com. Founder of...	2
Model, Actor, Activist, Mentor and Executive Producer of The Face	3
Model, Musician, Author	3
Model, Writer	3
Modern American Monk - Author / & Founder of The Simple Truth ...	17
Modern mystic; Author, 'Life Magic'	5
Modern-day Dale Carnegie	11
Mom and blogger	1
Mom and blogger, RaisingWildThings.com	3
Mom of 3, guest blogger, social media marketer and CRM profess...	4
Mom of 3, television journalist, entrepreneur, founder wherepa...	3
Mom to 4 young boys, former yeller, blogger at TheOrangeRhino.com	1
Mom, English teacher and blogger, this-here-now.com	3
Mom, Parenting Educator, Warrior for Kindness	2
Mom, Professional Educator, Church Leader, Freelance writer	1
Mom, Wife, Step-Mom, Social Media & Blogging Consultant, Profe...	6
Mom, Writer, Teacher, Small Business Owner	2
Mom, award-winning journalist, adventurer, Navy vet, Latino Ou...	3
Mom, chef, & founder of Weelicious.com	3
Mom, copywriter, children's book author	1
Mom, founder of veredmusic.com	1
Mom, step-mom, wife, sometime yoga teacher. Board of Directors...	2
Mom, teacher, writer, photographer and dreamer	1
Mom, wife and writer, DRLionheart.com	2
Mom, wife, speaker, communications pro, author, and advice maven	1
Mom, writer, doer of laundry	4
Mom, writer, lover of dirty martinis and dogs.	11
Mom. Author. Healthy eating advocate.	12
Mom; Bride-to-be; Blogger, justalittletinybitsometimes.blogspo...	1
Mommy Advocate and Founder, Life Balance Community	8
MommyVerbs.com	6
Money advice for everyday people	4
Monroe’s a religion columnist, weekly commentator on Boston Pu...	5
More importantly, I have the right to be here.	1
Morning Host, B98.5 in Atlanta	2
Mort Gerberg is a longtime cartoonist and author best known fo...	1
Mother and Writer, Nourished Mom	3
Mother and Writer/ Editor of Peaceful Parents, Confident Kids	3
Mother and blogger, One Lemonade LIfe	1
Mother and breadwinner	1
Mother and writer	8
Mother and writer at http://my-jenneration.blogspot.com/	5
Mother and writer, CarissaK.com	17
Mother of 2, Professor of Political Science at Wellesley College	1
Mother of four in NYC	3
Mother of three	1
Mother, Educator, Writer	8
Mother, Lawyer	2
Mother, Restauranteur, Wife, Culinary Obsessed, Life Loving Woman	2
Mother, Social Worker, Parenting Specialist, and Founder of Yo...	2
Mother, Wife, Okie	3
Mother, Writer, Epiphany Finder	1
Mother, Writer, Special Education Advocate, Blogger at Special...	1
Mother, author	1
Mother, blogger	4
Mother, certified teacher, blogger, crazycupoftea.com	1
Mother, teacher, writer, rebel	4
Mother, wife and blogger, Sleep Deprivation Diaries	1
Mother, wife, breadwinner	4
Mother, wife, financial analyst, writer and cancer survivor	4
Mother, woman, writer...PhD Program, NYU	2
Mother, writer, editor, content consultant, pro snacker	13
Mother, writer, lawyer	56
Mother, writer, off-key singer and occasionally inappropriate ...	1
Mother, writer, social worker. carlanaumburg.com	5
Mother. Scholar. Freedom Dreamer.	1
Mother. Teacher. Author. Techie.	2
Mother/Writer/Blogger based in Portland, Oregon, thecattownmur...	1
Mother; Blogger, crawltheline.com	1
MotherWoman supports and empowers mothers.	9
Motivational Keynote Speaker, Coach, Author	5
Motivational Speaker and Talk Shows Guest	6
Motivational Speaker, Attorney, Performer and Civil Rights Act...	1
Motivational Speaker, Celebrated Author, Independent Film Make...	1
Movement and Breathing Specialist	3
Movie Blogger, Higher Education Professional, Food Lover	7
Movie Critic for ReThink Reviews	2
Ms	1
Muller	2
Multicultural Community Editor, Huffington Post.	1
Multicultural Web journalist	2
Multimedia Editor, The Huffington Postdeo	1
Multimedia Journalist	5
Multimedia Journalist, Student at Northwestern's Medill School...	1
Multimedia Producer, Ambrica Productions/ The Story Exchange	2
Multimedia Reporter, Producer. Formerly with CNN, CNN Internat...	1
Multimedia journalist, photographer and filmmaker	2
Multimedia storyteller, Blogger, Homosapian	1
Multiple award-winning communications/marketing professional	1
Mumble and grumble and autism advocacy. Can also be found at w...	1
Music Journalist	2
Music Writer | Guitar Enthusiast	1
Music and brain scientist turned writer, editor, designer, con...	3
Music fanatic, surfer and culture enthusiast	2
Music journalist, graphic designer	1
Music, Business, Safety, and Legal Topic News Blogger.	1
Musician	2
Musician, Singer, Songwriter, Speaker	1
Musician, technology advocate, and founder of i.am+	1
Musician/Blogger	1
Musicologist and journalist	1
My dad says I'm "witty, mature, and balanced."	2
My sister had the same exact one, of course. Because when you're 6-year-old twins, you either have a matching two of everything, or you share one thing. In this case, my beloved hairclip was one of a set.	1
Mystic, Yogi and Founder, Isha Foundation	18
NEWSWIRE.FM is a digital broadcast network reaching viewers ac...	3
NFL Analyst and Commentator, Independent Film Producer	4
NFL player, Minnesota Vikings	1
NICU Nurse, Texas Children's Hospital	1
NJ Senate President	1
NY Times & international Bestselling Author	1
NY Times Bestselling Author of "The Tapping Solution"	5
NY Times Bestselling Author, Addiction Recovery Speaker, Podca...	11
NY based Writer	1
NY-based British journo & author	5
NYC & Beverly Hills Foot & Ankle Surgeon	11
NYC Dermatologist	1
NYC Plastic Surgeon	5
NYC based psychotherapist and expert on relationship conflict ...	6
NYC's Go-To GoldGirl & Jewelry Entrepreneur	4
NYC-based DJ	1
NYC-based psychotherapist in private practice and author of "M...	8
NYT Bestselling author, 'Learning to Breathe - My Yearlong Que...	4
NYT bestselling, social activist, spiritual teacher	3
NYTimes Bestselling Author, 'One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Liv...	1
NYTimes bestselling author, blogger at AdventuresWithTwins.com...	29
NYU Professor of Hospitality, Tourism & Sports Management	2
NYU professor, author, mothering21.com	1
Named One Of The Top Leadership, Executive and Culture Coaches...	1
Named Yoga Rebel by the New York Times, founder of Strala Yoga.	2
Natalie is the Founder and CEO of Saltar Consulting, a global ...	1
National Advocacy Director, Direct Care Alliance	1
National Apartment Association’s Staff Writer and Manager of P...	1
National Award-winning Columnist; Author	4
National Chair, Breakthrough ALS	2
National Communications Manager, Reboot	1
National Director of Policy and Advocacy, U.S. Pain Foundation	1
National Fire Protection Association	1
National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence and Director of the ...	1
National Pilates Training Manager and Regional Pilates Manager...	1
National President, Mocha Moms, Inc.	1
National President, Paralyzed Veterans of America	1
National energy policy expert and former Chairman of the Oklah...	1
National marriage equality advocate; Spokesman, Scouts for Equ...	1
Nationally Syndicated Columnist and Author, "Lost in Suburbia"	3
Nationally acclaimed communications, trial and jury expert, tw...	1
Nationally recognized LGBTQ leader in higher education; bestse...	1
Nationally renowned pediatrician and Assistant Professor of Pe...	1
Nationally syndicated financial columnist, author	8
Native of San Francisco, running 3,500 miles across America fo...	5
Natural Allergy Doctor and Environment Advocate	2
Natural Health Expert, Leader in Fermented Foods Nutrition, Au...	3
Naturalist with the National Wildlife Federation and NatGeo WI...	1
Naturopathic Doctor	13
Naturopathic Doctor (ND) and author	1
Naturopathic Physician	2
Naturopathic doctor & Beauty Expert. Founder, Karuna Natur...	3
Naturopathic physician, writer, teacher, advocate, mother	15
Neapolitan freelance photojournalist	2
NeuroBusiness Speaker, Consultant, Coach and Author	1
Neurologist, author, speaker, blogger, educator	15
Neurologist, public health specialist, author	2
Neuromuscular re-education and nutritional specialist; Author ...	4
Neuropsychologist, Professor of Psychiatry and Psychology	1
Neuroscientist and author	6
Neuroscientist; Author, 'Foodist: Using Real Food and Real Sci...	1
New York City Ballet Ballerina	3
New York City resident, wife, and mother	1
New York City-based travel and wedding photographer	1
New York Divorce Lawyer	3
New York State Assembly Member representing the 69th District	3
New York Times Best-Selling Author	1
New York Times Best-Selling author, entrepreneur and formerly ...	1
New York Times Bestselling Author	3
New York Times Bestselling Author and Certified Special Educat...	3
New York Times Bestselling Author of WINNING FROM WITHIN | Lec...	2
New York Times Bestselling Author,  America's Most-Trusted Int...	3
New York Times Bestselling Author, CEO of the wellness tech co...	7
New York Times Bestselling Author, Neuropsychiatrist, Mindsigh...	3
New York Times Bestselling Novelist	1
New York Times Bestselling author of "I See You Made an Effort...	1
New York Times and USA Today bestselling author	2
New York Times best-selling author, wellness activist and canc...	5
New York Times bestseling author	3
New York Times bestselling author	1
New York Times bestselling author and founder of BornFitness	1
New York based writer and activist.	1
New York based writer and editor	1
New York fashion and lifestyle writer	1
New York filmmaker/author/blogger	1
New York television producer, director, author and the U.S. te...	1
New York-based Travel photojournalist	14
New York-based comedian	2
New York-based contributor to The Guardian and international c...	1
New York-based entertainment journalist	5
New York-based investor, entrepreneur, writer, and explorer	5
New York-based political writer and photographer.	1
New York-based writer	1
New Yorker. Londoner. Writer. Lover of dance, travel and food.	1
New mom	1
Newlywed Washingtonian with a passion for weddings	3
News Anchor, Talk Show Host, Author, Mom, Wife, Soul Seeker	2
News commentator, blogger, author	1
News, entertainment, lifestyle site	2
Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions, Duke Un...	1
Nigeria National Coordinator, White Ribbon Alliance	1
No doubt President Obama's proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership needs some fixing once on the "fast-track," notably concerning the weight it gives to corporate prerogatives. But something more is going on. In Europe, too, there is mounting opposition to the proposed trans-Atlantic trade pact with the U.S., as well as the rise of anti-foreigner and anti-EU parties.	1
Nobel Laureate Joe Stiglitz and Martin Guzman argue that Greece will be better off administering the poison by its own hand. As they point out by examining the Argentine default in 2001, there is "life after debt and default." Manolis Glezos, the elderly firebrand of Syriza, writes from Athens that, in a democracy, "the people are the measure" of their fate. (continued)	1
Nobel Peace Prize winner; founder, Grameen Bank; Chairman, Yun...	1
Nobel laureate for Chemistry; Special Presidential Envoy for S...	1
Non Profit Consultant	1
Non-Fiction Author	1
Non-Profit Public Relations Specialist	61
Non-profit Leader for Human Rights and Catalyst for Change	1
Nonbinary Trans Parent Blogger at lifewithRoozle.com	2
Nonprofit advisor, survivor, and mom	1
Nonprofit communications consultant/writer, currently living w...	1
Nonprofit director and writer	1
North American Regional Director, International Fund for Anima...	1
NorthStar Moving Company Co-Founder	8
Northeastern University professor and author, "The Truth About...	5
Northwestern University’s leading independent online news maga...	1
Not a Dirty 30, it's a note to my younger self	1
Not a big man was stirring, not even Rasheed.	1
Nothing Provincial About It I'm delighted to announce the launch of our fourth international edition, Le Huffington Post Québec, which joins HuffPost Canada in covering America's neighbor to the north. READ MORE	1
Novelist and essayist	2
Novelist and human rights activist	1
Novelist and human rights advocate	1
Novelist and screenplay author	1
Novelist, 'The Scar Letters'	1
Novelist, Art Critic, Blogger	1
Novelist, Screenwriter, Harvard '12 grad; @isabelkaplan	1
Novelist, essayist and founder of Underground Mama	5
Novelist, features writer	2
Novelist, filmmaker and breast cancer fighter	1
Novelist, journalist, mental-health activist	6
Novelist, poet, and founder at Flux Capacitor	3
Novelist, poet, memoirist and playwright.	37
Novelist, psychiatrist, physician	2
Novelist, screenwriter, essayist	1
Novelist. Dandy. Manhattanite.	1
Novelist/Screenwriter Co-author of "Blue Streak."	5
Now before you judge me you have to know I've really tried to pick just one to sleep with. But just like clock work, every time it gets too serious, I get nervous and start questioning: Is this what I really want?	1
Now democratically elected governments in Athens and Kiev -- and the responses in Berlin and Moscow -- are challenging both post-Cold War arrangements. Angela Merkel, as chancellor of Europe's unrivaled power, has become, for better and worse, the crisis manager in the middle. (continued)	1
Now is the time we turn our anger towards something productive with tangible results.	1
Nude Recreation Specialist Owner Terra Cotta Inn Clothing Opti...	18
Nurse Barb is a Women's Health Nurse Practitioner, lecturer at...	5
Nurse and mother	1
Nurse practitioner in maternal fetal medicine	1
Nurse/Novelist/Aid Worker	4
Nurse; Author, 'Health Care… a View From the Trenches'	5
Nutrition & Wellness Expert	3
Nutrition Consultant, MS	3
Nutrition Counselor, Wellness and Motivation Coach	1
Nutrition Team Lead for the Cleveland Clinic Wellness Institute	18
Nutrition Therapist and Registered Pharmacist	2
Nutritionist and Weight Loss Specialist at Lorie Eber Wellness...	1
Nutritionist, Author, Founder of Bestowed and The Food Fix	25
Nutritionist, author, chef	12
Nutritionist; Author, "Eating by Design: The Individualized Fo...	7
Nutritionista at MeghanTelpner.com	7
OIF Marine Corps Veteran, Information Technology Network Engin...	1
Oakland resident, social justice avocate, adjunct professor, h...	1
Oasis Collections is a dynamic, full-service hospitality compa...	1
Ob/Gyn; Hormone Specialist; Chief Medical Officer of BodyLogicMD	6
Obama Organizer turned Education Policy Maker	1
Obama's love of country as a sign that America's Mayor will say almost anything to get back in the spotlight. We should not give Giuliani and his unapologetic lack of respect for a sitting president more attention than they deserve.	1
Obstetrician-gynecologist; Assistant professor, Northwestern U...	1
Obstetrician/gynecologist, researcher, bioethicist and author	3
OccupyEvolver.com	1
Ocean Conservation Attorney, Natural Resources Defense Council	2
Oceanographer, environmental scientist and explorer at Scripps...	1
Oceanographer, explorer, author	1
Oceans Advocate & Campaign Strategist	1
Oceans Program Director, Center for Biological Diversity	1
Official magazine of the Sierra Club	5
Oil trader; CNBC Contributor and TheStreet.com columnist; Auth...	1
Olympian, Activist	1
Olympian, Best Selling Author, Speaker, Coach	2
Olympic gold medalist and bestselling author	7
Olympic swimmer, TV host and correspondent, health and fitness...	1
Omega Institute for Holistic Studies	12
On Assignment For HuffPost	25
On August 1, c'est fini.	1
On Camera Host & Founder We Said Go Travel	1
On-Air Host, "The Aaron Harber Show" www.HarberTV.com/Demo	1
On-Air Personality,  Founder @WhatsTrending	24
On-camera Host and Video Producer, TravelwithKate.com	13
One Green Planet	4
One Iowa New Media Coordinator	1
One-legged, two-time survivor, healthy cook	11
Oneida Indian Nation Representative; CEO, Oneida Nation Enterp...	1
Online Dating Expert, Bestselling Author, and CEO, Cyber-Datin...	42
Online Marketing/Digital Content Strategist	1
Online Marketplace for College Life	1
Online lifestyle magazine for men	2
Online parenting resource	18
Online platform that helps conscious leaders, entrepreneurs an...	10
Online professional; Volunteer, Shriner's Hospital for Children	1
Online shopping expert, ShopAtHome.com	5
Openly gay, active Latter-day Saint (Mormon)	1
Opera singer, writer, administrator and arts advocate	1
Operations Analyst	1
Operations Director, Soliant Health	1
Ophthalmology Resident, University of Florida - Jacksonville	1
Opinion Editor, HuffPost	7
Oral Fixation is a live true, personal storytelling series for...	2
Ordained, Interfaith Reverend and Wellness Pioneer	1
OrganicAuthority.com	1
Organizational design, change strategy, and social/civil entre...	1
Organizational psychologist, researcher, New York Times bestse...	4
Organizer at NationBuilder, full time rule-breaker.	1
Organizer in Los Angeles	1
Organizer, Political strategist	1
Organizer, Suicide Survivor Day	1
Orlando-based transgender activist, writer, and video producer	1
Orthopaedic & sports physical therapist, health/wellness/fitne...	3
Orthopaedic surgeon specializing in Sports Medicine	3
Orthopedic Surgeon and Regenerative Medicine Pioneer	2
Orthopedist, Optim Orthopedics	1
Oscar and Emmy-winning Director	1
Osi shares her knowledge in Yoga and Ayurveda lifestyle practi...	9
Osteoporosis & bone health specialist, author of "Dr. Lani's N...	1
Other Worlds	1
Otolaryngology surgeon; author, 'Wake Up! You're Snoring'	8
Our son Nicholas ate deep fried spiders when he was in Cambodia. Here is the report.	1
Outdoor educator	2
Outdoors Associate Director, Sierra Club | Founder & Chair, Ou...	1
Outspoken women’s health and wellness advocate, menopause awar...	2
Overland traveler and writer	5
Overnight Editor, HuffPost	2
Owner	14
Owner & Creative Director, Rachel Cho Floral Design	1
Owner & Editor, Every Last Detail	1
Owner + Creative Director, Jove Meyer Events	1
Owner / Designer at AELFIE	1
Owner and Chef, Made by Meg LLC	1
Owner and Director of Research at Runnymede Capital Management	4
Owner and Founder of Aligned Holistics.com	1
Owner and Founder of Mamatoga and Mini City	6
Owner and Founder of The Grace Center, Dream Coach	1
Owner and Operator, Frontiers North’s Tundra Buggy Adventure	1
Owner and designer-in-chief of Grillworks Inc, purveyer of fin...	1
Owner and developer of Aspire Performance, former Elite Intern...	2
Owner and principal consultant, Wedding Jeannie	1
Owner of Find Yourself In Tuscany, Writer	1
Owner of GardenWall Publications: Communications for Change, G...	4
Owner of MGI Branding, Coaching & Empowerment Agency, Foun...	1
Owner of On-Site Studio Hair Salon	2
Owner of Sandy Malone Weddings & Events, Star of TLC's "Weddin...	77
Owner of The Bar Method	1
Owner of Things Japanese Gallery	2
Owner, Ah love Oil & Vinegar	2
Owner, Arbol Toys	1
Owner, Argovino; Economist; Author	22
Owner, BVisionary Photography	3
Owner, Dallas Mavericks; Chairman, AXS TV	1
Owner, Don't Sweat the Essay	2
Owner, Hilary Young Creative, and Proud Working Mom	1
Owner, Kara Wily Pilates	1
Owner, My Simply Perfect Events	7
Owner, Pame Designs	4
Owner, Silver Charm Events	1
Owner, Stella*s PopKern	1
Owner, Swellegant Events www.natalievishny.com	2
Owner, The Buckeye Blog	1
Owner, The Fitness Guru	6
Owner, The Royal Treatment Veterinary Center, Chicago	6
Owner, Weddings and What Not	4
Owner, pastry chef and designer of Just Cake	3
Owner-Mindful Life Counseling	1
Owner/Operator, A Village Bed & Breakfast	2
Owner: High School 411, Author, Kidney donor, Education Advoca...	1
PARENTING	8791
PARENTS	3955
PBS talk show host, PRI radio host, NYT bestselling author	2
PFLAG mom, bestselling author of 55 novels and filmmaker, 'Rus...	1
POLITICS	35601
PR Account Executive at Jonathan Marder + Co.	1
PR Guy & Coolhunter	1
PR Professional with a Writing Problem	7
PR executive, writer and blogger	1
PR girl, blogger, cancer survivor	8
PR guru; Vice Chairman, Reputation.com; founder, FifteenMinute...	3
PR professional for Airfarewatchdog	1
Painter and writer living in New York City	1
Pakistani-Canadian author of The Atheist Muslim: A Journey fro...	1
Paleo eating, CrossFit addicted, adrenaline junkie	3
Pamela Alma Weymouth is a humorist, writer, live storyteller. ...	2
Parade.com and Forbes.com columnist and author, ‘My City, My N...	11
Paradise Creation with Permaculture	1
Paralympic Hall of Famer and skier; Motivational speaker	1
Paralympic hockey player, coach	1
Paranormal Intuitive Investigator and Writer	2
Parent Educator, Coach and Author for Parents of Complex Kids	3
Parent, Husband, Writer, Average Guy	2
Parent, professor, award-winning writer and speaker. www.kimbe...	1
Parenting Consultant, coauthor of The Courage To Parent	18
Parenting Writer	4
Parenting Writer and Editor of Hey, Who's In My House? Stepkid...	10
Parenting Young Adults Expert, About.com. Writer, Emptyhousefu...	3
Parenting and pop culture writer. Blogger at Carpool Goddess.	6
Parenting expert, published author, licensed therapist, and ce...	3
Parenting writer and food blogger	2
Parents are trying to push them to do more. Students are trying to find places where they can be in control.	1
Part-Time Lecturer	2
Partner Relations, Social Media Manager, We-Care.com	1
Partner Stone House Productions and CEO DishandDine. I am a fi...	1
Partner and Founder, Uproar PR	1
Partner and Senior Trainer, The Potential Project	1
Partner at Burns & Levinson	1
Partner in the Family Law Practice of Weber Gallagher	1
Partner, Family Law Practice Group at Weber Gallagher	1
Partner, GoransonBain	1
Partner, Keller Rohrback L.L.P.	1
Partner, Sensei Marketing; Author, Influence Marketing	5
Partner, Steptoe & Johnson LLP	1
Partner, Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, LLP; Author	3
Partner, The Bridgespan Group	1
Partner, The Law Firm of Wisselman, Harounian & Associates	1
Partner-SierraMaya360/PartnersTrust/Prev-Access Hollywood	2
Party and event planner	4
Passionate environmentalist, co-founder of the Women's Cancer ...	1
Passionate traveler and environmentalist	2
Past President of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers ...	3
Past President, American Psychiatric Association; Professor an...	1
Past president and CEO of the Duke University Health System	1
Past president, American Holistic Medical Association; Expert ...	3
Pastor in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and co-au...	3
Pastor, Community of Grace; author, 'Searching for Tom Sawyer:...	3
Pastor, Historic King Solomon Baptist Church and President, Na...	1
Pastor, Teacher and Writer	1
Pastor, writer, runner	2
Patch.com editor and Author, 'A Legacy of Madness'	5
Patriotic American	2
Paul Marantz, M.D., M.P.H.	2
Peace journalist	2
Peacebuilding Researcher and Practioner	1
Pediatric occupational therapist, biologist, speaker, author	2
Pediatric urologist	1
Pediatrician	1
Pediatrician and CEO, Worldwide Orphans	2
Pediatrician at Boston Children's Hospital, Assistant Professo...	55
Pediatrician, Advocate, Author	11
Pediatrician, Author, Clinical Professor, George Washington Un...	9
Pediatrician, Child Obesity Specialist, and Author, Red Light,...	2
Pediatrician, Homeschool Educator, Gifted Advocate, Child Advo...	1
Pediatrician. Creator of the DVD's/books 'The Happiest Baby on...	4
Pediatrician; author, 'The Vaccine Book' and 'The Autism Book'	1
Pediatrician; author; health journalist; CEO, Pediatrics Now	7
Peer support specialist, religious studies scholar	1
Perfect Morsel	3
Performance & leadership coach, health & wellness expert.	15
Performance coach, theatre consultant,  professor & director, ...	1
Performer, Activist	1
Performer, author and group fitness instructor	2
Performing artist, producer, writer, and actor; program manage...	1
Periodic Contributor and Blogger	6
Peripatetic lover and poet in the mold of Lord Byron	1
Personal & Executive Coach, Learning & Development Specialist	2
Personal Development Author, Speaker	16
Personal FInance Writer and Podcast Guest Booker	2
Personal Finance Enthusiast, Silicon Valley Tech Optimist, and...	1
Personal Finance Expert	9
Personal Finance Expert, Author of 'Make Money Your Honey: A S...	2
Personal Finance Writer	2
Personal Finance writer, Your Finances Simplified	5
Personal Injury Lawyer; Author and Civil Rights Activist	9
Personal Security, Privacy, Cyber Safety and Identity Theft Ex...	23
Personal Trainer and Celebrity Pilates Instructor	1
Personal Trainer and Strength Coach	44
Personal Trainer, Speech Language Pathologist, Blogger	4
Personal branding expert	12
Personal chef, food stylist and photographer	4
Personal finance educator	1
Personal finance expert and award-winning author	4
Personal finance organizer, website and app	14
Personal finance source for women	73
Personalized Stress Management	52
Peter R. Breggin, MD, has been called “The Conscience of Psych...	17
Ph.D Amer. Lit., At-Home Dad	6
Ph.D in Theatre and Performance, The Graduate Center, CUNY	6
Ph.D-trained scientist; Foodie; Advocate of Local, Seasonal Foods	1
Ph.D. Candidate, University of Toronto	1
Ph.D. Student, Education Policy, University of Pennsylvania GSE	1
Ph.D., Author, Consultant, Speaker	19
Ph.D., C.N.S.	17
PhD	2
PhD Student and World Traveler	12
PhD Student in Clinical Psychology at Palo Alto University; Op...	1
Phenix Salon Suites Founder & President	3
Philadelphia Journalist	1
Philadelphia-based author of America Bowl	1
Philadelphia-based author/journalist	10
Philip Goldberg is a spiritual counselor, public speaker and a...	1
Philly-based writer and mom of four	1
Philosopher, Tsinghua University; Advisor, Berggruen Institute...	1
Philosopher, musician, author	1
Philosophy instructor, stress-management instructor, resilienc...	1
Phoebe Lapine is a food and health writer, gluten-free chef, w...	20
Photographer	21
Photographer / Filmmaker	1
Photographer / Journalist / Publisher / Visual Anthropologist	1
Photographer and Poet	2
Photographer and Writer at Gravation Creation	1
Photographer and filmmaker	2
Photographer in New York	1
Photographer in Stockholm	1
Photographer, Author, Speaker, Teacher, Empowerer	23
Photographer, Professor	3
Photographer, Speaker, Author	4
Photographer, Website Creator, Drag Artist	1
Photographer, artist, and director	1
Photographer, blogger, country girl	2
Photographer, yoga teacher	2
Photographer. Art World Chronicler. Filmmaker.	1
Photographer/Photo Editor	7
Photographer; 'Love Ever After' Project	1
Photography is my life. I've had a camera for as long as I can...	2
Photojournalist	2
Photojournalist and Film Maker	3
Photojournalist and author	3
Physician	1
Physician Assistant	2
Physician and Co-founder of SeventyK	2
Physician and Public Health Leader	1
Physician and author	9
Physician and founder of nonprofit, Music for Autism	2
Physician of internal medicine	2
Physician, Author, Former Chief Medical Expert at Discovery Ch...	9
Physician, Author, Nichiren Buddhist	1
Physician, Entrepreneur, Co-Founder: Herbal Water Inc.	28
Physician, author, coach, blogger and pioneer in the field of ...	1
Physician, author, entrepreneur	4
Physician, educator, author, and pioneer of new paradigm medic...	3
Physician, innovator, purveyor of good medicine	1
Physician, mindfulness teacher, professional speaker, media ex...	4
Physician, parent by adoption, crossword/mystery lover	2
Physician, researcher and educator	2
Physician, venture capitalist and healthcare entrepreneur	1
Physician-Author, Clinical Assistant Professor, Pediatrics, Da...	1
Physician-in-Chief, Texas Children's Hospital	1
Physician-researcher, leading expert in health care evidence	3
Physician/writer	4
Physicist, PhD, bestselling author	8
Physicist, Teacher, Author	2
Pick and choose carefully.	1
Pilot and aeronautical engineer	1
Pioneers in expedition travel	25
Pitchfork Diaries	1
Pittsburgh Divorce Attorney	1
Pittsburgh Steelers, 2010 NFL Defensive Player of the Year	1
Plaintiff, 'McLaughlin v. Panetta'	1
Planetary Scientist at Mars Institute and SETI Institute	1
Planned Parenthood, Social Media, and a Win for Women's Health The recent reversal by the Komen foundation of its decision to no longer fund grants to Planned Parenthood is a case study in how radically social media have changed the way institutions relate to those they purport to serve. READ MORE	1
Play with your food.	43
Playwright	1
Playwright and composer	2
Playwright and theatre director	1
Playwright, actor, educator	1
Playwright, raconteur, and media/culture writer	1
Playwright, writer, poet and Jazz singer	2
Plus Size Fashion by plus size blogger, marie Denee, the blogg...	2
Plus size model, make up artist, blogger, activist	1
Podiatrist, CEO / President Instant Arches Foot Products Inc. ...	10
Poet // Purpose Designer // Social Impact Innovator	1
Poet and author, 'Our Deep Gossip: Conversations With Gay Writ...	2
Poet and digital marketing professional	1
Poet and writer	1
Poet and writer living in Portland, Oregon	1
Poet | Writer | Storyteller JAMAiwuyor.com	1
Poet, Teacher, Public Speaker	1
Poet, Writer, Performer	1
Poet, essayist, blogger	2
Poet, novelist, nonfiction writer, playwright and performer	3
Poet, teacher	1
Poet, writer, mother-of-two	4
Poet, writer, travel blogger, politics junkie	5
Poet. Writer. Creativity Coach. Change Maker.	5
Poet/Novelist, Community Activist, and Educator	1
Poli-Sci Graduate, Contributor to Movies.com and GeekNation.com	1
Policy Director, Center for Food Safety	2
Policy analyst; Sociologist; Adjunt Professor, Howard University	1
Policy and comms staff in #txlege, proud resident of #elpaso, ...	2
Political Analyst and Civil Rights Activist	1
Political Analyst, Correspondent & Columnist	2
Political Analyst, former presidential campaign advisor and sp...	3
Political Blogger	1
Political Columnist, CEO of Hanft Projects	1
Political Commentator, Miss America 2008, Community Relations ...	1
Political Reporter Covering the Bernie Sanders Campaign	1
Political Theory and American Culture professor, DePaul Univer...	1
Political communications strategist	1
Political consultant	3
Political economist, climate change professional, sustainabili...	1
Political junkie/food and nutrition advocate	7
Political satirists and sociial commentators.	2
Political speaker	1
Political strategist	1
Political strategist, writer, humorist in Washington, D.C.	1
Political, Comedy, Digital, Immigrant Person	1
Politician	1
Politics and Global Affairs Analyst	1
Pop Chassid	1
Pop Culture Enthusiast	1
Pop culture reporter	1
Popcorn Diary	16
Porn actor	1
Portland, Oregon Photographer, Speaker, Writer, and Vlogger	1
Portrait Artist-Photographer	12
Posh Mom is a popular lifestyle website providing must-have in...	5
Post-doctoral Fellow, Univ. of British Columbia	3
Postdoctoral Research Scientist, Los Alamos National Laboratory	1
Postdoctoral fellow in psychology, Harvard University	1
Postdoctoral researcher, Institute of Media and Communication,...	2
Powerlifter; Coach; Author, 'Starting Strength: Basic Barbell ...	3
Practicing Dentist, New York City	16
Practicing Physician	95
Practicing emergency physician; Member, CrossFit staff; Owner,...	1
Practicing hematologist and oncologist, and Professor of Medicine	8
Practitioner and teacher of Christian Science	5
Practitioner of Christian Science	3
Premier travel companies	6
Prepares and trains women	4
Prescribing a healthier food system.	2
Presentation Coach	4
Presenter/Producer @AJPlus, Al Jazeera's new digital channel	1
Preserving America's diverse culinary heritage and future	15
President	9
President & CEO	3
President & CEO - Steele Luxury Travel	14
President & CEO Rachel Carson Council	1
President & CEO of HealthCare Chaplaincy Network, Chairman...	17
President & CEO of Twomentor, LLC	3
President & CEO of YSA (Youth Service America)	2
President & CEO of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF	2
President & CEO, ASPCA	2
President & CEO, Bigelow Tea	1
President & CEO, New Tech Network	2
President & CEO, SWW Creative	3
President & CEO, Save the Children	1
President & CEO, World Resources Institute	1
President & Chief Operating Officer, Clear Channel Outdoor	1
President & Director, Center for Adolescent Research and Educa...	1
President Astrodecision	21
President Caring Today	9
President Emeritus, FHI 360 in Research Triangle Park	1
President Moorfield Storey Institute	9
President North American Soccer Reporters; founder www.prostam...	1
President Quantum Learning Network	1
President and CEO	1
President and CEO of HopeLab	1
President and CEO of InvigorateNOW, social entrepreneur	1
President and CEO of PhRMA	2
President and CEO of The Leapfrog Group	1
President and CEO of VetJobs	1
President and CEO of Women’s World Banking	1
President and CEO of the American Beverage Association	1
President and CEO of the National Community Reinvestment Coali...	1
President and CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation	2
President and CEO, Altegris Investments; founder, Natural High	1
President and CEO, American Bankers Association	1
President and CEO, Children’s Investment Fund Foundation	1
President and CEO, Cities for Financial Empowerment Fund	1
President and CEO, Earth Networks	1
President and CEO, Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation	1
President and CEO, Feed the Children	1
President and CEO, Goodwill Industries International	4
President and CEO, Gurwitch Products	1
President and CEO, Independent Secor	2
President and CEO, International Gemological Institute	1
President and CEO, IslandWood	1
President and CEO, Jewish Federations of North America	1
President and CEO, John Snow, Inc. & World Education	1
President and CEO, Lutheran World Relief	1
President and CEO, National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy	1
President and CEO, New America	1
President and CEO, Rackspace	1
President and CEO, Safe Kids Worldwide	2
President and CEO, Smart401k	1
President and CEO, Summa Health System	1
President and CEO, The National Center on Addiction and Substa...	1
President and CEO, The Partnership at Drugfree.org	1
President and CEO, Timex	1
President and CEO, Trust for America's Health	5
President and CEO, Visiting Nurse Service of New York (VNSNY)	2
President and CEO, Wildlife Conservation Society	2
President and CEO, Women Donors Network	1
President and CEO, World Affairs Council and Global Philanthro...	1
President and CEO, YMCA of Greater New York	1
President and CEO, eMusic	1
President and COO, WilliamPaid	1
President and COO, Women for Women International	1
President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Fund for Children	1
President and Chief Executive Officer, Cancer Treatment Center...	1
President and Chief Executive Officer, Feeding America	1
President and Chief Operating Officer, Home Care Assistance	3
President and Co-Founder, Children's Health Fund; Director, Na...	1
President and Creative Director, David Stark Design and Produc...	3
President and Founder, Capella Advisors, Truth On Call and Doc...	1
President and Founder, Edge Health	1
President and Founder, Lexington Wealth Management	12
President and Founder, MicroVentures	1
President and Founder, Sacks Productions	9
President and Founder, Young Women's Leadership Network	1
President and Founder, ZocDoc	5
President and Medical Director, Alzheimer’s Research and Preve...	3
President and Publisher, Tax Analysts	1
President and Wedding Planner, Engaging Events by Ali	1
President and co-founder, CSID, now a part of Experian Partner...	1
President and co-founder, Flip Flop Shops	2
President and co-founder, People for the Ethical Treatment of ...	3
President and founder of iNK Think Tank, Inc./Author of childr...	1
President and founder, Classic Journeys	2
President and majority owner, Farr, Miller & Washington, LLC	2
President of Farzad Family Law, APC	1
President of Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tubercu...	2
President of Global Policy Solutions..Driving Society Toward E...	2
President of GotchA! Bed Bug Inspectors	5
President of Harvard-affiliated Brigham and Women’s Hospital (...	1
President of Liberia; Nobel Peace Prize Winner 2011	1
President of Mental Health Association of NYC	1
President of Music Publishing Administration at TuneCore	1
President of National Center on Adoption and Permanency and of...	2
President of Oglethorpe University, Atlanta, Georgia	2
President of Population Connection and Population Connection A...	1
President of Summers Strategies, a Washington, DC, based commu...	1
President of Sweet Hospitality Group	1
President of The Children's Partnership	1
President of The Empowerment Partnership. Master Trainer, Auth...	17
President of The Energy Project; Author of Be Excellent at Any...	1
President of the American Psychiatric Association	1
President of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence	1
President of the Cannes Film Festival	1
President of the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City	2
President of the National Partnership for Women and Families	2
President of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine	3
President of the Safina Center	5
President, Adecco Staffing	1
President, American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers	4
President, American Dental Association	1
President, American Muslim Health Professionals	1
President, Asian & Pacific Islander American Health Forum	3
President, Barbara Lee Political Office and Barbara Lee Family...	1
President, Belvedere Vodka	1
President, Best in Beach	5
President, BrandEnable; Author	2
President, CEDPA	1
President, California Homeopathic Medical Society	3
President, Carolina Estate Planners, LLC; co-founder and chair...	1
President, Charles Schwab Foundation; Senior Vice President, S...	1
President, Climate Crisis Solutions	3
President, Compassion & Choices	6
President, Earth Day Network	1
President, Editor-in-Chief of HollywoodLife.com	6
President, Elizabeth Birch Company/Global Out	1
President, Esquire Appraisals	3
President, Eurasia Group; Author, 'Superpower: Three Choices f...	1
President, Families and Work Institute, Author, "Mind in the M...	9
President, Families in the Loop	5
President, Fiscal Strategies Group	2
President, Food Tank: The Food Think Tank	4
President, Freedom to Marry; author, 'Why Marriage Matters'	2
President, Freedom to Work	1
President, George Family Foundation	1
President, Glen Wild Animal Rescue Corp	1
President, Gordon College	1
President, Group SJR Canada	1
President, Heritage Medical Systems	1
President, Hill Impact	3
President, Homewatch CareGivers	6
President, Hynes Communications	1
President, Impactful Coaching & Consulting	5
President, Jujamcyn Theaters; founder/CEO, Culturalist; Broadw...	1
President, Just Marry! and National Wedding Expert for Perfect...	7
President, Kiehl’s Since 1851	1
President, Kitchensurfing.com	1
President, Laura Murphy & Associates	1
President, Lead Culture Change Partner at Learning as Leadership	1
President, Leadership for a Responsible Society	5
President, Levy Economics Institute of Bard College	1
President, Marketing and Publishing Director for Hearst Magazines	2
President, Military Partners and Families Coalition (MPFC); Vi...	1
President, Mira Winery	1
President, Mommy’s Light Lives On Fund®	2
President, Mosaic	1
President, My Successables, Inc., Inventor - My Wake UP Calls,...	5
President, National Alliance to End Homelessness	1
President, National Association for Ethnic Studies; Associate ...	1
President, National PTA	2
President, National Veterans Foundation	3
President, Oxfam America	1
President, Personal Investing, Fidelity Investments	1
President, Personalized Lifestyle Medicine Institute	9
President, Pfizer Latin America	1
President, Power Living Enterprises, Inc.	23
President, Resource Furniture	5
President, Rights Equal Rights	1
President, Shriver Center	1
President, Social Velocity	1
President, Society for Science & the Public; publisher, Sc...	1
President, State Budget Solutions	1
President, StressStop.com	1
President, Sudden Cardiac Arrest Foundation	2
President, Tavakoli Structured Finance	4
President, TechnoBuffalo.com	1
President, The Appraisal Foundation	1
President, The Chicago School of Professional Psychology	4
President, The Mission Continues	1
President, The Mother Company	1
President, Total Attorneys	3
President, Veterans Healing Initiative	2
President, Woodstock Institute	1
President, Working Mother Media	5
President, World Monuments Fund	1
President/CEO American Consumer Institute	1
Presidente Fondazione i Bambini delle Fate	1
Presidents blew 	1
Pretend writer. Pretend actor. Pretend father. Pretend person.	5
Princess Warrior who has poured into her own skin...Finally!	7
Princeton Ph.d, former senior foreign service diplomat	4
Principal Advisor at Inside Straight Strategies	9
Principal Designer, Toronto Interior Design Group	3
Principal Libra Consulting - Diversity Consultant, Author	1
Principal and founder, JABIN Software, LLC, the developer of i...	2
Principal and owner at Debbe Daley Designs LLC	2
Principal at Aspiriant	5
Principal at Roadabode Productions, Author, Consultant, Speake...	1
Principal, Bryce-Laporte Information and Consulting	1
Principal, Founder of Target Marketing Digital. Guiding author...	4
Principal, Hospitality interiors at Stonehill & Taylor	1
Principal, Inner Progress Coaching	1
Principal, Joan Garry Consulting	1
Principal, Lehrer Architects	2
Principal, Man on A Mission Consulting	1
Principal, MedTech Analytics	1
Principal, Mind Acrobatics™ Coaching, & President, Marketing N...	1
Principal, National Biomechanics Institute	3
Principal, Quidoo Consulting	1
Principal, Target Cue	1
Principal, The Charisse Amanda Group	2
Principal, Work/Life consulting firm	1
Private Chef, Food Writer, Animal Lover, Organic Gardener, Col...	6
Pro Artist Digital Rights Advocate	1
Pro Communicator & Strategist | Children's Book Author	1
Pro surfer	1
Producer - CFQtv	31
Producer and director, 'The Lavender Scare'	1
Producer at New York magazine	1
Producer extraordinaire (Ramone) and acclaimed singer-songwrit...	3
Producer of TV and children	3
Producer of the 2 Unite All benefit albums, Project Peace On E...	8
Producer, Blogger, Graduate from the School of Hard Knocks	7
Producer, Director, Broadcaster and 'Creativity Doctor'	2
Producer, HuffPost Video	2
Producer, author and publisher of Bullypulpit.com	1
Producer, director, author	1
Producer/Directior, "You're Looking At Me Like I Live Here And...	1
Producer/Film Consultant	1
Producer/Host, PromoHomo.TV	2
Producer; Documentary director; Actor; Award-winning poster de...	1
Product Manager, Exclusively Weddings	1
Product Manager, Writer, Social Entrepreneur	1
Product Marketing Manager at 500px, Previously marketing at Fa...	3
Production Assistant, HuffPost Live	1
Prof. of journalism, SUNY New Paltz; Author; Journalist	1
Prof; Econ & Law, UMKC. Financial regulator. White-collar crim...	2
Professional Coach, Freelance writer - health, fitness, psycho...	1
Professional Counselor/Behavior Analysis	1
Professional Cyclocross and Road Racer	1
Professional Flexibility Expert/Martial Artist	6
Professional Makeup Artist and Writer	1
Professional Matchmaker; President of SamanthasTable.com; Foun...	4
Professional Photographer	1
Professional Photographer; Co-founder of WeddingPhotography411...	1
Professional Provocateur, Champion Motivator, Powerful Speaker...	1
Professional dancer	1
Professional experience collector	2
Professional fundraiser, childbirth educator	1
Professional guesser	3
Professional hair designer	4
Professional image consultant and wardrobe stylist, Scarlett I...	1
Professional journalist, columnist, entertainment critic and m...	1
Professional psychologist, motivational writer	17
Professional screenwriter, actor, former U.S. Senate aide and ...	1
Professor & Founder of Fashion Law Institute	1
Professor Emerita, University of Southern California Marshall ...	1
Professor Emeritus of History at the University of Central Flo...	1
Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry, Cornell	1
Professor Emeritus of Psychology, Keynote Speaker and Research...	2
Professor Emeritus of Social Work, Arizona State University	2
Professor Emeritus, Department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral...	4
Professor Emeritus, Metropolitan State University of Denver	1
Professor Emeritus, Ohio State University; Author, 'Who Am I: ...	1
Professor Emeritus, Saunders College of Business, Rochester In...	5
Professor Emeritus, UT Health Science Center San Antonio; Visi...	1
Professor and Author, "A Womb With a View"	1
Professor and Chair, Department of Health, Behavior and Societ...	1
Professor and Director for Innovation and Social Entrepreneurs...	2
Professor and Director of Street Markets	2
Professor and Director, Integrative Medicine Program at the Un...	2
Professor at the University of Pennsylvania	1
Professor in the Practice of Public Affairs, Columbia Universi...	1
Professor of Accounting, Business, and Economics at Juniata Co...	2
Professor of Anthropology at West Chester University	2
Professor of Art History	13
Professor of Behavioral Finance, Santa Clara University	2
Professor of Business, USC; Author, "Reinventing Talent Manage...	1
Professor of Cell Biology, Anatomy, and Neurology, New York Me...	1
Professor of Clinical Psychiatry, Columbia University	3
Professor of Communication & American Studies	4
Professor of Community Health and Health Behavior	1
Professor of Contemporary Turkey Studies at the Center for Mid...	1
Professor of Cultural Anthropology at Duke and author of ADTex...	1
Professor of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology and the Institut...	1
Professor of Economics, Boston University, President, Economic...	6
Professor of Economics, University of Chicago	4
Professor of Education, University of Rochester	1
Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Emer...	1
Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health and as Director of...	2
Professor of Epidemiology in Psychiatry, College of Physicians...	1
Professor of Family Medicine	2
Professor of Family Social Science, University of Minnesota	1
Professor of Finance Emeritus at the Wharton School of the Uni...	5
Professor of Finance at the University of Florida, Gainesville	1
Professor of Geology, Environment, and Sustainability at Hofst...	1
Professor of Global Health Policy, University of Tokyo	1
Professor of History, Chapman University	1
Professor of Human Development, University of Illinois at Urba...	18
Professor of Infectious Diseases, Department of Medicine of th...	1
Professor of Islam and Global Affairs at the University of Del...	1
Professor of Islamic History at the University of Massachusett...	1
Professor of Italian language and culture, Emory University; P...	1
Professor of Japanese Studies, Tufts University	1
Professor of Latin American History at Boston University	1
Professor of Law and Director of the Health Law Institute, Wid...	1
Professor of Law and Founding Faculty Director of the Center f...	1
Professor of Law, Elizabeth Haub Law School, Pace University	1
Professor of Law, University of Virginia	1
Professor of Law, Wake Forest University	2
Professor of Management, EDHEC Business School	1
Professor of Management, Fairleigh Dickinson University. Autho...	1
Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science, Davidson Colleg...	2
Professor of Mathematics, Spelman College	1
Professor of Medicine UCLA Geffen School of Medicine	2
Professor of Medicine and Engineering, University of Southern ...	2
Professor of Medicine, Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy a...	1
Professor of Microbiology at the University of Chicago	3
Professor of Neurosurgery, Stanford University School of Medic...	15
Professor of Nutrition and Epidemiology at Harvard School of P...	1
Professor of Pediatrics	1
Professor of Pediatrics Emeritus at Harvard Medical School	1
Professor of Pediatrics, UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital	1
Professor of Pharmacology, University of Colorado School of Me...	1
Professor of Philosophy and Director of the Hong Kierkegaard L...	1
Professor of Philosophy, Worcester Polytechnic Institute	2
Professor of Physics and Astronomy, University of San Francisco	1
Professor of Physics, Columbia University	1
Professor of Practice	1
Professor of Practice, Clark Honors College, University of Ore...	1
Professor of Psychology, George Mason University	2
Professor of Psychology, Harvard University	2
Professor of Public Affairs, The University of Texas at Austin	1
Professor of Religion	1
Professor of Science Education	1
Professor of Sociology, Brandeis University	3
Professor of Sociology, University of Illinois at Chicago and ...	1
Professor of Theater, Ursinus College	8
Professor of epidemiology & population health, Albert Eins...	2
Professor of history and gender and women's studies, Universit...	1
Professor of medicine, New York University School of Medicine;...	6
Professor of psychology, media effects researcher and author o...	1
Professor of sociology based in Los Angeles	6
Professor, Boston University’s School of Management	1
Professor, Brigham Young University	1
Professor, Civil Rights Advocate, and Thinker	1
Professor, Co-host of "Experience Talks"	4
Professor, College of Education at University of North Texas	1
Professor, Columbia University	6
Professor, Department of Wildlife Ecology & Conservation, ...	1
Professor, Duke Law School; Author, 'A Tolerable Anarchy'	1
Professor, Duke Law School; Founder, Center for the Study of t...	1
Professor, Harvard Business School	1
Professor, Journalism, Indiana University-Indianapolis	2
Professor, NYP/Columbia University and Host, The Dr. Oz Show	2
Professor, NYU Wagner	1
Professor, New York University	8
Professor, Pace Law School	2
Professor, Princeton University	1
Professor, Research Wildlife Biologist, Brigham Young University	1
Professor, Santa Clara University	2
Professor, School of Earth & Space Exploration, Arizona State ...	1
Professor, School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona St...	4
Professor, Syracuse University	1
Professor, The Wharton School of Business, University of Penns...	1
Professor, Thinker, Globe Trotter	1
Professor, Tufts University; Author	6
Professor, University of Pennsylvania	1
Professor, University of Southern California	1
Professor, Vermont Law School	1
Professor, Wake Forest	1
Professor, author, blogger and co-founder, The Calliope Joy Fo...	1
Professor, conservation biologist (www.oasis-earth.com)	1
Professor, psychologist, author, lecturer, specializing in sib...	9
Profressional Photographer	3
Program Coordinator, UN Annual Youth Assembly	1
Program Director, Avon Walk for Breast Cancer; 7-year breast c...	1
Program Manager	1
Program Manager at iCan House	3
Progressive Priest	1
Project Director for Global Communities	1
Project Director, Real Food Media Project and author of "Diet ...	2
Project Director, financial services	1
Project Manager, ONE National Gay & Lesbian Archives	1
Proprietor, ViewfromthePier.com	8
Prosecutor Supervisor Sex Crimes	1
Proud Texan and intersectional feminist	1
Proud mom of two children; advocate for families with transgen...	2
Proud mom, advocate, speaker, author, 'My Son Wears Heels'	2
Provider of European Cycling Tours	5
Provides services to improve health and well-being while reduc...	17
Providing consumers with unbiased skin care expertise	5
PsyD and Author, "You Are What You Wear: What Your Clothes Rev...	1
Psychiatrist	12
Psychiatrist and Innovator. Faculty, Harvard Medical School & ...	4
Psychiatrist, Author, Farmer Assistant Clinical Professor of P...	4
Psychiatrist, Author, The Secrets of Surviving Infidelity	3
Psychiatrist, Psycho-analyst	1
Psychiatrist, best-selling author	1
Psychiatrist, cancer survivor, and writer at ZenPsychiatry.com	10
Psychiatrist; Psychotherapist; Author, 'Master Your Sleep'	7
Psychiatrist; member of Connecticut Governor’s Sandy Hook Advi...	1
Psychiatry Clinical Fellow at Brigham and Women's Hospital	1
Psychiatry resident, New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia a...	1
Psychoanalyst, author	1
Psychoanalyst, author, speaker	4
Psychoanalytical therapist, Author, Executive Consultant	1
Psychologist	24
Psychologist & Author	18
Psychologist and Author	12
Psychologist and Bestselling Author	39
Psychologist and Leadership Coach	4
Psychologist and New York Times Bestselling Author	16
Psychologist and author, 'Face It'	11
Psychologist and emeritus academic	1
Psychologist and psychoanalyst in San Francisco	1
Psychologist • Author • Speaker	7
Psychologist,  Author, Uncovering Happiness, Co-founder of Cen...	37
Psychologist, Author, Media Contributor	3
Psychologist, Author, Speaker and Consultant	4
Psychologist, Consultant, Coach, Writer and TEDx Speaker	6
Psychologist, Diversity Thought Leader, Author	2
Psychologist, Lover and a Fighter (with the power of the pen)	1
Psychologist, Mindfulness Teacher and Coach	4
Psychologist, TV Personality, Author	1
Psychologist, and Co-Developer of Acceptance and Commitment Th...	2
Psychologist, blogger	1
Psychologist, commentator, and author of "Psychology: Essentia...	10
Psychologist, consultant, speaker, author of Performing Under ...	8
Psychologist, family therapist, realitonship strategist,  pare...	10
Psychologist, physical fitness buff, business consultant and w...	4
Psychologist, researcher and media consultant	2
Psychologist, writer, former evangelical	2
Psychologist. Educator. Author	3
Psychologist.. Life Coach.	2
Psychologist/Author	1
Psychologist/Author of Reinventing the Meal, Eating t...	5
Psychologist/author Freeing Yourself from Anxiety and Freeing ...	20
Psychologist; Author, 'Hardwiring Happiness'	43
Psychologist; Author, 'The Dance of Anger' and 'Marriage Rules'	2
Psychology Instructor, Career Coach and founder of WorkingSelf...	1
Psychology and self-help publisher	3
Psychology expert on relationships, parenting, self-destructiv...	46
Psychology professor, Boise State University	37
Psychotherapist	32
Psychotherapist & Author	25
Psychotherapist & Founder of Urban Balance	12
Psychotherapist & Owner of Dont Mind Life	2
Psychotherapist + writer @WiredforHappy	2
Psychotherapist and Author	20
Psychotherapist and Author, Eyes Wide Open: Cultivating Discer...	1
Psychotherapist and Re-partnering Coach	7
Psychotherapist and Writer	4
Psychotherapist and author, 'Barriers to Love: Embracing a Bis...	1
Psychotherapist and bestselling author of "Deeper Dating: How ...	1
Psychotherapist and student/practitioner of meditation	1
Psychotherapist in private practice in Pasadena.	1
Psychotherapist in private practice; Program Coordinator, Scho...	2
Psychotherapist specializing in Marriage and Family	9
Psychotherapist, Austin, Texas	1
Psychotherapist, Author, TV commentator/Host	3
Psychotherapist, Divorce Expert, Author, Founder of Collaborat...	5
Psychotherapist, Professor, Author	12
Psychotherapist, Success Architect and Owner - www.girlsjustwa...	1
Psychotherapist, TV Producer	3
Psychotherapist, Writer and Expert on vital aging and living w...	8
Psychotherapist, author, guided imagery innovator	1
Psychotherapist, ecotherapist, co-editor of “Ecotherapy: Heali...	7
Psychotherapist, interfaith minister, author and public speaker	41
Psychotherapist, marriage counselor	1
Psychotherapist, private practice in New York City and Atlanta...	2
Psychotherapist, professional trainer, author, counseling cent...	5
Psychotherapist, rabbi and New York Times bestselling...	13
Psychotherapist, social activist and spiritual teacher	1
Psychotherapist, workshop leader, and author	1
Psychotherapist, writer, poet, photographer	11
Psychotherapist, writer, speaker, recovering coward.	1
Psychotherapist, writer.	6
Psychotherapist. Amazon #1 Bestselling Author. Wife. Mom. Step...	5
Psychotherapist; Executive/life coach	1
Public Health Advocate, U.S. PIRG	1
Public Health Consultant	1
Public Health Dietitian, MS, RD	2
Public Health Graduate Student	4
Public Health Policy Director, Moms Clean Air Force	3
Public Health Specialist and Paraglider Pilot	1
Public Relations Consultant/Writer	1
Public Relations Professional, Freelance Writer, Blogger	4
Public Relations and Communications Professional	1
Public Speaking Trainer and Author of "Get to the Point!"	2
Public Theologian	1
Public Voices Fellow, The OpEd Project; Samuel Candler Dobbs P...	1
Public Voices Fellow, The OpEd Project; Senior Writer, Executi...	2
Public health lawyer	3
Public relations consultant, doer of things and stuff	5
Public relations director	1
Public servant	1
Public speaker, coach and author of 'The Goodbye Cookie'	3
Publicist	1
Published Author & Relationship Advisor	2
Published Author and Real Estate Agent	4
Published Author, Blogger, Writer of Stories from the Heart	8
Publisher and Founder	3
Publisher and executive editor, Windy City Media Group	2
Publisher of Artweek.LA, a leading online magazine dedicated t...	2
Publisher of Mariani's Virtual Gourmet	17
Publisher of Weekly Hubris	5
Publisher of croatiatraveller.com; author of "Dalmatia: Split ...	2
Publisher thedarkroome.com, TheUnder	1
Publisher www.parischerie.com	2
Publisher, AssociationHelpNow newspapers	2
Publisher, GetawayMavens.com; Northeast getaway expert	42
Publisher, Tidbits	2
Publisher, UrbanMommies.com and UrbanDaddies.com	3
Publisher, Women on the Road	5
Publisher, Women's Voices, Change.org	5
Publisher-Editor, Integrator Blog News & Reports	16
Publisher/Editor of Your Teen Magazine	2
Publishing professional and freelance writer	3
Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award-Winning author	1
Pulitzer Prize winner; Author, 'Salt Sugar Fat'	1
Pulitzer Prize-nominated journalist and the first out lesbian ...	1
Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist	1
Putting the flirt into food!	2
Pythia Peay is a journalist and author on the American psyche.	1
QUEER VOICES	6346
Quassan T. Castro is a journalist, educator, motivation and em...	1
Queer Muslim & Activist	2
Queer rights, criminal justice rights and disability rights ac...	1
Queer, undocumented immigrant; member, Orange County Dream Tea...	1
Queer. Vegan. Liberal.	2
RD-Sports Nutritionist; Owner/Founder of MADREPS Nutrition - H...	4
RELIGION	2576
RN	1
Rabbi	2
Rabbi Dr.	2
Rabbi Emeritus, Kehillat Israel Reconstructioist Congregation	1
Rabbi Shmuley, "America's Rabbi," is the international best-se...	5
Rabbi of Congregation Netivot Shalom (Berkeley, CA), Founder o...	2
Rabbi, Author, Speaker	10
Race car driver, environmental activist	1
Racecar Driver	2
Rachel Mason, Artist	1
Radio Host, Writer, Voice Over Artist	1
Radio Talk Show Host; Author	5
Radio host; Associate Professor, Baldwin Wallace University; A...	1
Radio show hosted by DJ Ben Harvey and comedian Dave Rubin	6
Radiologist and Chief of Nuclear Medicine, Kaiser Permanente	3
Raised in upstate New York and now living in New York City	2
Rapper and entrepreneuer	1
ReaMedica & 51inc	2
Real Estate Economist, Redfin	3
Real Estate Expert, TV Personality	2
Real Housewife of Miami	1
Real World Issues, Academic Insights	1
Real estate and lifestyle expert; Author, 'Before You Buy!', '...	4
Real estate broker specializing in Architecturally Significant...	1
Real parents sharing real moments that help you think, help yo...	75
Real-estate mogul; star, BRAVO's 'Million Dollar Listing Los A...	1
Reality Television Producer, Writer & Mommy Extraordinaire	12
Reality-Fiction Author. Time Traveler from Year 2210	1
Rebecca Kukla is Professor of Philosophy at Georgetown Univers...	1
Rebecca Palpant Shimkets is assistant director for The Rosalyn...	1
Recent Grad, Ball State University	2
Recent graduate of Fordham University	1
Recent graduate, Columbia School of Journalism	3
Record producer, songwriter, and musician	1
Recording Artist, Downtown Records	1
Recovering CEO, consultant and relationship speaker; latest bo...	1
Recovering diplomat, advocate, strategist. Working in the US &...	1
Recovering politico. Aspiring traveler.	1
Rector, All Souls Memorial Episcopal Church, Washington, D.C.	1
Rediscover your city. The go-to-guide for the best art, archit...	7
Reductress.com, the one and only fake women's news magazine	1
Reference historian, History Division, Marine Corps	1
Reformed Journo | Digital & Content Strategist	1
Regional Editor for Iowa, Patch.com	1
Regional Medical Director and Senior Vice President of Medical...	1
Registered Dietician; SELF.com's 'Eat Like Me' Blog	1
Registered Dietitian	3
Registered Dietitian & Nutrition Strategist, Clif Bar & Company	1
Registered Dietitian Nutritionist, Mediterranean Diet Consultant	5
Registered Dietitian Nutritionist. Speaker. Author. Founder of...	13
Registered Dietitian, Author, and Co-Founder of Appetite for H...	11
Registered Dietitian, Author, and Co-Founder of AppforHealth.com	5
Registered Dietitian, Freelance Writer, Educator and ALDI Advi...	1
Registered Dietitian, Health Counselor	17
Registered Dietitian, Speaker, Educator, Author	4
Registered Dietitian/Nutritionist	2
Registered dietician, best-selling author, nationally-recogniz...	1
Registered dietitian, certified diabetes educator, nutrition e...	3
Registered dietitian, certified personal trainer, nutritional ...	3
Registered dietitian; Strategic Director of Dietitians For Pro...	18
Registered dietitian; author, 'The Spark Solution'	4
Registered nurse	5
Reinvention Career Coach & University Educator	1
Relational Detective and Transformer, Attraction to Retention ...	3
Relationship Deconstruction Artist #Divorcelawyer #NYC	11
Relationship Etiquette Expert & Co-Founder of IDoNowIDont.com ...	4
Relationship Expert	2
Relationship Expert & Pop Culture Analyst	3
Relationship Expert for Match.com	2
Relationship coach, founder of Start Over. Find Happiness.	1
Relationships expert, author and media personality who helps p...	6
Religion, Spirituality and Health Writer	10
Renaissance Woman/Entrepreneur	1
Renee Parsons writes on the US political scene and foreign pol...	1
Reporter	3
Reporter and author of "Vow: A Memoir of Marriage (And Other A...	1
Reporter for AOL and The Huffington Post	3
Reporter, HuffPost	1
Reporter/Teacher/Consultant	1
Representative, Indiana’s 7th congressional district	1
Request, design and book unique travel experiences.	6
Research Assistant Professor, Eastern University	1
Research Director at Future Workplace & NY Times Bestselling A...	1
Research Director at The Health Sciences Academy	3
Research Director, Georgetown Institute for Consumer Research,...	1
Research Fellow for DeSmogBlog.com, freelance investigative jo...	4
Research Fellow, University of Sheffield	1
Research Program Coordinator, Johns Hopkins Berman Institute o...	3
Research director, GW School of Public Health and Health Services	1
Researcher @UCLA, Child Development Expert @Common Sense Media...	7
Researcher and Author on Learning and Development and Technology	1
Researcher, Photographer, Medical Anthropologist	1
Researcher, journalist and activist on environmental issues	1
Resident Fellow in Islamic Law at Yale Law School	2
Resident, Brigham and Women's Hospital	1
Resident, University of California San Francisco Family & ...	1
Resilient Leadership Expert	2
Restaurant reviews, menu aggregator, social network and educat...	54
Restaurateur, interior and product designer, philanthropist; c...	2
Restaurateur; Judge, 'MasterChef'	1
Retired Brigadier General, Chief Marketing Officer at RELYANT LLC	1
Retired British officer/pilot in NYC; expert on the instrument...	1
Retired Colonel in U.S. Army	3
Retired NBA player; Founder, All 4 Kids Foundation	1
Retired U.S. Air Force Officer and Writer	6
Retired U.S. Navy Commander, Military Clinical Psychologist	3
Retired United Methodist Clergy	1
Retired United Methodist minister and member of the PFLAG Nati...	1
Retired attorney turned full time personal finance blogger.	4
Retired editorial page editor, The Courier-Journal	2
Retired political science professor, playwright, and former Wr...	1
Retired serial entrepreneur, author, educator and creator of t...	1
Retreat leader at Silent Stay Retreat Center	39
Rev Meg Riley serves as a Unitarian Universalist minister.  Lo...	1
Rev. John Dear is a peace activist, author, Nobel Peace Prize ...	2
Rich Grant is a freelance travel writer in Denver, Colorado	2
Richard Zombeck is a freelance writer, a podcaster, and a reco...	1
Richardson Professor of Law, Northeastern University; Author	2
Rise Up enables girls, youth, and women to transform their own...	6
Roadtrip Nation	1
Robert Weiss LCSW, CSAT-S	8
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Fellow at Columbia University	1
Rock Talk business speaker, host of The Rock Business TV serie...	2
Ronald Alexander, PhD is a mind/body psychotherapist, internat...	8
Ronna Kaplan is the Chair of the Center for Music Therapy at T...	4
Rory O'Connor is a discontent provider.	1
Rose Water & Orange Blossoms	1
Roving Communications Officer, International Medical Corps	1
Runner, Author	1
Runner, Writer, CTO	8
Runner, cyclist	1
Ruth Rosen is a former professor of women's history, immigrati...	1
S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, Senior fellow	2
SCIENCE	2206
SELF - Conde Nast	20
SELF Magazine Fitness Editor	1
SEO and Marketing Specialist	1
SHRINK WRAP by Dr. Jane Greer - Marriage and Family Therapist,...	8
SOS Method founder, humanitarian activist, and socially consci...	2
SPORTS	5077
STYLE	2254
STYLE & BEAUTY	9814
SVP, Global Trends, Dubit	3
SVP, U.S. Programs & Advocacy, Save the Children and President...	2
San Diego civic leader	1
San Francisco-based artist, brother of the Society of 23	1
San Francisco-based arts critic	81
San Francisco-based community activist and independent historian	1
San Francisco-based writer and humorist	1
San Francisco-based,	6
Sanfranmag.com	1
Sanjay Theodore is an original artistic polyglot. Here's an In...	2
Sarah is a friendship enthusiast, author of five books, and Ch...	2
Sass & Sensibility	5
Satirist and aspiring satyrist	1
Satirist; Founder of The Daily Refried; 'Official Latino Spoke...	2
SaturdayEveningPost.com	2
Savings Expert at Coupons.com	26
Scholar and Environmentalist; Pres. and CEO, Bullitt Foundation	1
Science & Technology Policy Advisor, Education Specialist, Hea...	2
Science Director, Stanford University Center for Compassion an...	1
Science Journalist, Author, Advocate	1
Science and technology writer	2
Science blogger	1
Science writer; author, 'The 7 Laws of Magical Thinking'	1
Scientific Director, The Imagination Institute	2
Scientist and Physician	1
Scientist by Day, Writer by Night	1
Scientist, former White House Senior Policy Analyst, Ph.D in n...	2
Scientist, journalist, satirist, and author	2
Scientist, strategist, and writer	1
Scott is an author of over 50 published books, a writer/execut...	2
Screening is ubiquitous, however, we too often conflate finding tumors with saving lives.	1
Screenwriter	1
Screenwriter & Pop Culture Enthusiast	2
Screenwriter and freelance writer	2
Screenwriter, Playwright, Lyricist, author of musicals Rothsch...	1
Screenwriter, Political Junkie	1
Screenwriter, Vinod Chopra Films	3
Screenwriter, lecturer, author of LOVE ADDICT: SEX, ROMANCE AN...	1
Screenwriter, playwright and author of TheDaddyComplex.com and...	9
Seasaltwithfood	8
Seasoned Food Professional	1
Seattle Police Chief (Ret.) and Author	1
Seattle attorney and writer	1
Seattle-based writer & storyteller	2
Second-Year Law Student, Texas Wesleyan School of Law	1
Secretary General of the Nordic Council of Ministers	1
Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization	1
Self Improvement oriented Millennial	3
Self-effacing, authentic, funny and off beat describes Mara's ...	8
Self-proclaimed urban hippie	1
Self-proclaimed vegivore/sustainability junkie/lover of all th...	6
Semi-Professional Big Mouth	2
Senior Adviser, UNICEF’s Children Affected by AIDS	1
Senior Advisor & NY Coordinator for the Public Banking Institu...	1
Senior Advisor, National AFL-CIO, Greater Washington Partnersh...	1
Senior Advisor, Natural Resources Defense Council	1
Senior Analyst, NerdWallet	1
Senior Associate Dean, International Business & Finance, The F...	1
Senior Astronomer, SETI Institute	3
Senior Attorney and Asia Director, Natural Resources Defense C...	1
Senior Beauty Editor, HuffPost Style	1
Senior Business Development Executive; Writer, Aspiring world ...	2
Senior Columnist, The Huffington Post	131
Senior Comedy Editor, The Huffington Post	2
Senior Consultant, Hospice Foundation of America; professor, T...	1
Senior Contributors Editor, The Huffington Post	3
Senior Culture Reporter, HuffPost	1
Senior Curriculum Advisor at Age of Learning / ABCmouse.com	6
Senior Digital Communications Associate, The Heritage Foundation	1
Senior Director for Policy at the Center for Reproductive Rights	1
Senior Director of Education and Workforce Policy, U.S. Chambe...	1
Senior Director of Forensic Psychiatry and Senior Pediatric Ps...	1
Senior Director, Moms Clean Air Force	4
Senior Director, Professional Relations, Lansinoh Laboratories	7
Senior Editor at Travelocity	11
Senior Editor for Mobile and Innovations, The Huffington Post	4
Senior Editor for Projects & Investigations, The Huffington Post	3
Senior Editor for Technology and Society, The Huffington Post.	1
Senior Editor of Breaking News, HuffPost	1
Senior Editor of Viral Content and Strategy, The Huffington Post	12
Senior Editor, Big News & Live Events, The Huffington Post	5
Senior Editor, Cheapism.com	2
Senior Editor, Health & Fitness; Certified Personal Trainer	33
Senior Editor, HuffPost Culture + Parenting	7
Senior Editor, HuffPost Weddings & HuffPost Divorce	1
Senior Editor, Huffington Post	4
Senior Editor, Huffington Post Media Group	1
Senior Editor, Los Angeles	1
Senior Editor, People magazine	1
Senior Editor, Strategic Partnerships	3
Senior Editor, The Huffington Post	1
Senior Editor, The Huffington Post Post	1
Senior Enterprise Editor, HuffPost	18
Senior Enterprise Reporter, HuffPost	3
Senior Entertainment Writer, The Huffington Post	5
Senior Evangelist, inneractive	1
Senior Fellow for the Racial Wealth Divide Initiative	3
Senior Fellow, Citizens for Global Solutions	1
Senior Fellow, Georgetown Public Policy Institute	2
Senior Fellow, The Opportunity Agenda	2
Senior Fitness Consultant for Behavioral Sciences, American Co...	5
Senior Lecturer, Harvard Graduate School of Education	2
Senior Lecturer, MIT; Co-founder u.lab and Presencing Institute	1
Senior Lecturer, New York University	2
Senior Lifestyle Editor	2
Senior Manager, Consumer Strategy & Insights @ AB-InBev	1
Senior Managing Editor, www.Insure.com	2
Senior Marketing Consultant / CEO of EDesign Consulting Ltd.	3
Senior Minister, Judson Memorial Church, Judson.org	1
Senior Partner, Chief Client Officer at Porter Novelli	1
Senior Policy Advisor, National Black Gay Men’s Advocacy Coali...	1
Senior Policy Researcher, Mercy Corps	1
Senior Practice Leader in Total Rewards	1
Senior Producer, Huffpost Live	1
Senior Producer, The Players' Tribune	4
Senior Public Information Officer, UNHCR Iraq. Ex-BBC journo.	1
Senior Repairman	5
Senior Reporter, HuffPost	22
Senior Research Fellow, University of Oxford Department of Pol...	1
Senior Researcher, Microsoft Research New England; Associate P...	1
Senior Scholar in Public Work Philosophy, Sabo Center for Demo...	1
Senior Scholar, Dean Institute for Corporate Governance and In...	5
Senior Scholar, Institute for Policy Studies	1
Senior Scholar, Institute for Studies. Co-editor, Inequality.o...	1
Senior Scientist, Natural Resources Defense Council	2
Senior Social Media Editor, USA TODAY Sports	1
Senior Staff Attorney, National Center for Lesbian Rights	1
Senior Style Editor for The Huffington Post	4
Senior Technical Advisor, WASH, PSI	1
Senior University Administrator, Professor, and Blogger	2
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Cisco	1
Senior Vice President for Programs & Education at the Lower Ea...	1
Senior Vice President for Strategy, Families and Work Institute	1
Senior Vice President of Global Marketing and Engagement, Comp...	1
Senior Vice President of Memory Care & Program Services at Sun...	13
Senior Vice President of Programs, Helen Keller International	1
Senior Vice President, Government Affairs	1
Senior Vice President, Marketamerica.com and SHOP.COM	6
Senior Vice President; Director, Center for Healthy Aging	3
Senior Wellness Editor, HuffPost	1
Senior Women's Reporter, HuffPost	1
Senior Writer and Investigative Reporter, The Huffington Post	1
Senior Writer, Microsoft	2
Senior Writer, MinnPost	1
Senior Writer, The Huffington Post	8
Senior Writer, Union of Concerned Scientists	1
Senior Writer, Web2Carz	1
Senior correspondent at Mic and co-managing editor of The Femi...	2
Senior curator of Decorative Arts, American Painting and Sculp...	2
Senior editor, Christies.com	1
Senior educational specialist for the National Center for PTSD...	1
Senior fellow, Center for Security Studies, ETH Zurich, Switze...	1
Senior manager of family and community engagement for National...	1
Senior vice president of retirement and income solutions, Prin...	6
Senior vice president, VNSNY Hospice Care	12
Senior writer for the David Lynch Foundation and 35-Year Teach...	4
Serial Social entrepreneur; Co-founder, Elevation Academy	2
Serial entrepreneur	11
Serial expat and travel writer	1
Serving Startups That Make Cities Better	1
Sex Therapist and Author of The New Monogamy	17
Sex Therapy and Relationship Coaching	2
Sex and relationships researcher	3
Sexologist, AASECT-certified sexuality educator, TV Personality	3
Sexologist, Sexuality Educator, Author	1
Sexual Anthropologist, Author	2
Sexuality educator and author	1
Shaman	2
Shaman-healer, Six-time world champion Ironman	8
Shapeshifting creative	2
Sharon King Hoge is a Consultant and Travel Writer.	1
Sharon King Hoge is a travel writer with a wide range of media...	5
Shockoe Bottom, Richmond Virginia, United States of America.	1
Shoptiques.com lets you shop over 5,000 of the world's best bo...	5
Show Creator, World Changers Television, Founder Billions Risi...	1
Signature Travel Network	16
Signe Whitson is an author and national educator on bullying p...	24
Silicon Valley journalist and blogger	1
Singer	2
Singer songwriter author feminista	1
Singer, Musician	1
Singer, songwriter, actress and LGBT activist	2
Singer, songwriter, producer	2
Singer, songwriter, producer, multi-instrumentalist	3
Singer-songwriter and mother of a transgender child	1
Singer/songwriter	3
Singer/songwriter, Kingsley Flood	1
Singer/songwriter; Television host	2
Singles expert. Author, The Spinsterlicious Life http...	1
SiriusXM Radio Host & CNN Anchor	1
Sitcom writer, Host of the podcast Man School with Caleb Bacon	1
Site Director, TheKnot.com	1
Skincare and beauty expert	6
Sleep Specialist, Child Neurologist, and Founder, Sehatu Sleep...	5
Sleep Specialist, Neurologist, author of The Sleep Solution: W...	20
Slightly cynical father of two, marketer, amateur comedian, Ch...	3
Small Business Owner	16
Small business attorney and creator of SmartBusinessRevolution...	3
Small business management columnist, author, speaker and busin...	1
Small girl, LARGE opinions	12
Smart, savvy moms read Kveller.	1
Smartertravel.com	97
Smithsonian.com	8
Smoking cessation expert	4
Snooth, the world's most comprehensive wine site, hosts the la...	10
So Cal based writer.	5
So I'm resolving to keep on traveling in 2016 and beyond, and I hope you do as well, for your own well-being and for the well-being of us all.	1
So how do you avoid sloth and gluttony, two of travel's deadliest sins?	1
Social Commentary/Social Justice Storytelling on disability, p...	3
Social Commentator & Library Aficionado	1
Social Enterprise Management Advocate & Advisory	3
Social Enterprise Speaker, Author, Field Leader: Building an e...	1
Social Entrepreneur, Author of "Serve to Be Great" and "The Mi...	2
Social Good Devotee; Founder, Free Tech for Nonprofits	7
Social Innovation at Twitter, Author, Speaker.	3
Social Innovator and CEO and Founder, Wonder Women Tech	2
Social Justice Activist	4
Social Justice writer, educator, and speaker	4
Social Marketing Manager, The Huffington Post	2
Social Media Account Manager, Kel & Partners	1
Social Media Blogger, Smurf	2
Social Media Content Editor, MSNBC	1
Social Media Fellow, HuffPost Sports	1
Social Media Manager, Betterafter50.com Writer, Relocationtheb...	5
Social Media Strategist, Publisher & Latina Blogger	1
Social Media and Communications Professional, Director of Grif...	2
Social News Editor at the Huffington Post	1
Social Worker	1
Social Worker, University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics	1
Social Worker/High School Counselor	1
Social entrepreneur, film producer, and founder of fair trade ...	1
Social innovation and education enthusiast, feminist, mommy, w...	1
Social media and brand strategist	1
Social media consultant	1
Social media lead, SF Chronicle, SFGate.com	1
Social network and marketplace for people who love crafts	5
Social platform for lovers of fashion entertainment	5
Social scientist & academic administrator	1
Social scientist, adventure athlete, life and business strategist	4
Social worker, activist and curmudgeon	1
Social worker, psychotherapist, advocate, and writer on issues...	1
Social worker, writer, tinkerer	2
Sociologist and author, em>The Monogamy Gap: Men, Love and ...	1
Sociologist mom exploring life's little spillovers at www.rogu...	1
Sociologist, author, advocate for gender equality	1
Sociologist, dating and relationship expert	3
Sociologist, writer, co-founder of WorldShift International	15
Software engineer, Facebook	1
Some say it is now a proxy war between former Cold War foes because Russian airstrikes have reportedly hit some U.S.-backed rebels. But U.S. President Barack Obama ruled out a proxy war and is reportedly scaling back his arming of rebels, possibly in an effort to "deconflict" with Russia.	1
Sometimes it just isn't fair.	1
Sometimes things don't work out the way you want. 	1
Sometimes your best isn't good enough. 	1
Songwriter, Recording Artist	2
Songwriter, Speaker, founder of SongwritingWith:Soldiers	1
Songwriter, philanthropist and author.	1
Songwriter, pianist and record producer	1
Songwriter, recording artist and Chairman, The Michael Bolton ...	1
Songwriter, writer and performer	1
Soprano and Co-Founder, Sing for Hope	1
SoulCycle instructor	1
Soup Addict	4
Southeast Regional Organizer, The Reformation Project	1
Southwest: $50	1
Spa Retail Trainer	10
Space Writer, Poet, Teacher	3
Space clearing expert, teacher, and author of YOUR SPACIOUS SE...	3
Spaceflight Engineer	1
Speaker, Author of Add More ~ing to Your Life, Spirit Junkie a...	58
Speaker, Author, Coach, Educator	1
Speaker, Author, Counselor to Congregations, Interfaith Ambass...	2
Speaker, Author: A Slice of Happy	1
Speaker, Counselor, Author of "Talking Back to Dr. Phil: Alter...	8
Speaker, Life Planner, Business Owner, Award-Winning Author	2
Speaker, Nurse, Educator, Author www.TheSilverPen.com	18
Speaker, author, blogger, worship leader, leadership consultan...	1
Speaker, writer, soprano and mom; founder, Human Workplace	18
Special Needs Advocate and Mother of Two	1
Special education advocate, autism blogger, nonprofit presiden...	1
Special projects editor, beso.com	1
Specialist in low-vision care	1
Speech-language Pathologist, Educator. Founder & CEO, Bign...	6
Speech-language therapist, Child Mind Institute	1
Speechwriter and standup comic	2
Spirit writers and authors of Bucket List Bars: Historic Saloo...	15
Spiritual Director of the Church of the Movement of Spiritual ...	2
Spiritual Entrepreneur and Publisher	1
Spiritual Leader, Global Humanitarian, Peace Ambassador and Fo...	9
Spiritual Leader, Seeker of Truth, Lover of Joy, Writer of Both	21
Spiritual Life Coach, NY Times Best-Selling Author	1
Spiritual Playboy	1
Spiritual Pundit and Teacher	1
Spiritual Teacher	2
Spiritual Teacher & Author	6
Spiritual teacher and best-selling author	1
Spiritual teacher, author of "The Power of Now" and "A New Earth"	5
Spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign. Founder & Presiden...	1
Spokesperson for the National Kidney Foundation	26
Sponsor, California’s Roman Reed Spinal Cord Injury Research A...	3
Sport Law Professor at Pepperdine University and Sports Busine...	2
Sport psychologist, parenting expert, professor, author, speak...	43
Sports Columnist, The Huffington Post	4
Sports Editor, The Huffington Post	2
Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model	2
Sports Journalist/Documentary Filmmaker/Director	1
Sports Psychologist Bay Area, Stanford University; Founder and...	3
Sports Writer	2
Sports and travel writer	4
Sports blogger	1
Sports editor, The Crimson Whit	1
Sports editor, The Red & Black	1
Sports medicine physician, Hospital for Special Surgery, NYC	1
Sports medicine specialist, Hospital for Special Surgery; Facu...	4
Sports writer and video journalist	1
Sports writer, putnielsingoal.com	1
Spotted by Locals	9
Spouse Calls, Stars and Stripes	1
Sr. Correspondent, Inside Edition	1
Sr. Vice President, DraftKings	30
Sr. editor: ARTPULSE Magazine, Professor of Painting: Savannah...	1
Stacey Delo is the founder of Maybrooks, a career resource for...	1
Staff Editor, Columbia Human Rights Law Review	1
Staff Writer	10
Staff Writer, Food & Travel	7
Staff Writer, Inside New York	1
Staff writer, Student Reporter	1
Stand Up Comedian, Comedy Writer, and Community Activist	1
Stand-up comedian	1
Stand-up comedian, blogger and gender rebel	1
Stand-up comedian/writer/actor who lives in Los Angeles	1
Stand-up comic	1
Stand-up comic and writer of 'The Ugly Volvo' humor/parenting ...	3
Standup Comedian, Writer, Party Enthusiast	1
Stanley N. Bergman is the Chairman of the Board and Chief Exec...	3
Star of Bravo TV’s “Untying the Knot;” Founder & CEO of Divorc...	1
Star of VH1's Hollywood Exes	2
Stargazer, Photographer	1
Startups, Sneakers, and Springsteen	1
State Coordinator for Ms. Wheelchair Nevada Pageant/Program	1
Statistician and health economist for the United Nations; Teac...	5
Stay-at-Home Academic	4
Stay-at-home Mom and blogger, www.dreambiglittleone.com	1
Stay-at-home dad and author, Life Is Short, Laundry Is Ete...	4
Stay-at-home dad and blogger	1
Stay-at-home mom and blogger, amotherthing.com	1
Steph @ Fearless🔥Fresh: Badass cooking teacher & cookbook auth...	4
Stephanie Fairyington is a New York City based journalist who ...	1
Stephen Arterburn is a counselor and an award-winning author w...	1
Steve Mariotti is the founder of the Network for Teaching Entr...	11
Steven Abernathy, The Abernathy Group II	1
Stories for Grown-Up Women. Every Tuesday night.	3
Story teller and moment hunter at BabyRabies.com	1
Story/Career Consultant at Jen Grisanti Consultancy Inc, Writi...	1
Storyteller & Photographer at MeganSnedden.com	13
Storyteller, Digital Business Development Consultant, Personal...	2
Storyteller, JustAnge.com	2
Storyteller, Truth-Digger & Copywriter to Soul-Centered Entrep...	21
Storyteller, Virgin Unite	1
Storyteller, brand strategist, author, speaker. Talking about ...	3
Storyteller, director and foodie since age five.	1
Storyteller, disruptor, traveler. SVP bringing digital to corp...	1
Strategic Partnerships at Facebook; Co-founder of Bushakan	1
Strategist, Speaker, Writer, Researcher	1
Strength & conditioning coach, Web designer, CrossFit Masters ...	1
Strength Coach, Internationally Published Fitness Writer	2
Stroke and Heart Attack Survivor	1
Stroke survivor, national spokesperson for the American Heart ...	1
Student	2
Student and Campus Editor-at-Large, Pace University	1
Student at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism	1
Student at Tulane University	1
Student from Australia	2
Student in doctoral counseling psychology program	1
Student newspaper, Penn State University	1
Student of Buddhism, meditation and yoga	1
Student of Life, Producer & Writer	2
Student, Lake Erie College	1
Student, Santa Barbara City College	1
Student, Scripps College,	1
Student, Seattle University	1
Student, Stanford University	1
Student, USC	1
Student, Univ. of Maryland	1
Student, University of California-Berkeley	2
Student, University of Western Ontario	1
Student, Yale University	1
Student, writer, photographer, and cancer survivor	8
Student/Blogger	8
Style & Beauty Expert, Founder GLAM4GOOD	5
Style & Culture Columnist	14
Style Anthropologist and freelance writer for home, design and...	7
Style Blogger	5
Style Writer	4
Style and entertainment journalist, editor of farfetch.com	2
StyleCaster.com	1
Stylist	7
Stylist, 'American Idol'	11
Stylist, Joseph Martin Salon, Beverly Hills	1
Stylist, buyer, curator or her LA shop called Brigitte & Stone...	5
Substance abuse counselor; activist; author, 'Reclaim Your Lif...	13
Sudden Wealth	2
Sufi teacher and author	1
Supermodel	1
Supermodel, Actress, Author, 'Beauty, Disrupted'	5
Supermodel, Swimwear Designer, Writer, Author	2
Surfer, surfboard shaper and writer	1
Surviving marriage 💍marriedmysugardaddy.com & motherhood 👦🏼👧🏼 ...	20
Survivor Outreach Advocate, Keep A Breast Foundation	3
Survivor advocate for the Mesothelioma Cancer Alliance	1
Susan Linn, Ed.D., is author of "The Case for Make Beleve: Sav...	1
Susan is a therapist is Northern California and the author of ...	9
Sustainability advocate, cancer ass-kicker, mountain biker	1
Suzy offers resources and guidance to parents of children who ...	6
Syndicated Columnist with GateHouse Media, author of The Art o...	3
Syndicated travel writer and founder, Airfarewatchdog.com	113
Syracuse sports writer, Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Magician	1
Systems philosopher, integral theorist, concert pianist	4
T.V. news producer-turned full-time stay-at-home mom	1
TASTE	2096
TECH	2104
TED speaker (over 1.9 million views) on becoming an Opportunit...	16
THE WORLDPOST	3664
TRAVEL	9900
TV Dating & Relationship Expert	6
TV Host, Director, Producer, GreekTravel Documentarist, Fitnes...	1
TV Host, Fashion Designer, and Entrepreneur	1
TV Host, Healthy Living Expert, & CEO of Halevy Life	16
TV News Producer; Mom	2
TV Personality + Blogger	1
TV Personality, Renovation Expert	7
TV Presenter And Author Of Arctic	1
TV Producer, Writer, Wedding & Baby Blogger	2
TV Writer; Contributing Editor, Rolling Stone; Co-Author, 'Eve...	6
TV commercial director	1
TV host, personality, Luxury Goods & 20th Century Design Expert	4
TV news reporter, blogger, wife, mom	1
TV presenter, fashion journalist, host of NBC's 'Fashion Star'	11
TV producer and writer	1
TV producer, Writer, Business Owner & Yoga Teacher	1
Tales from the Interweb by The Web Sheriff	1
Talk Radio Host, Attorney and Author	1
Talk Show Host, Sex & Relationship Therapist & Author	1
Talk Show host	1
Tara is a Brooklyn-based travel writer and editor	1
Tasting Table is a website and newsletter for culinary enthusi...	1
Tax Expert at H&R Block	4
Tax attorney	9
Tax lawyer; adjunct professor, Columbia Law School	1
Teacher and Cultural Critic	1
Teacher and Writer	3
Teacher, Blogger	1
Teacher, Business Owner, Wife, Mother of three	1
Teacher, Langdon Education Campus	1
Teacher, Marin Country Day School and Education Editor, Yale C...	3
Teacher, Mother	1
Teacher, Vegan Advocate	3
Teacher, Writer, Live Music Connoisseur	1
Teacher, father, artist, and founder of Tall Trees Grow Deep	1
Teaches Law at Hofstra and Yale	1
Teaches at Pasadena City College	1
Teaching a people's history	1
Teaching and Twaining	1
Teaching my kids about the world through travel	7
Tech Consultant	1
Tech Entrepreneur @ IBM	1
Tech Entrepreneur founder of Prelude Fertility, Jazztel, Ya.co...	1
Tech Market Strategies; Lawyer	1
Tech news and digital culture from the West Coast.	6
Tech writer	3
Technologist / Business Leader / Author	35
Technologist, Meditation & Mindfulness Teacher, Writer: 'T...	2
Technologist, philosopher, bon vivant	1
Technology Entrepreneur	1
Technology Executive	2
Technology Journalist	3
Technology journalist	19
Teddy Bass is a nationally certified NASM/ACE personal fitness...	1
Teen Coach & Mentor	8
Teenage colon cancer survivor spreading a message of hope	1
Television And National Public Radio Host	2
Television Host, Landscape Designer	3
Television Media Executive	2
Television and Radio Host/Correspondent, The Women's Eye	1
Television and multimedia producer	3
Television journalist, author, syndicated columnist	6
Television presenter, columnist, IP lawyer	1
Television writer/producer; dad	10
Teller of tales.	5
Terra Christoff is a business & career coach who helps smart w...	1
Tested, practical ways to move from functioning to flourishing	1
That lady with the screaming kids is me. Nice to meet you.	4
That's a financial road you don't want to go down.	1
That's the question my brother and his fiancée asked me to answer in a "short" speech on their wedding day. I told them there is no such thing.	1
That's true whether for cellphones, email, health records, tax transcripts or the personnel files of  tens of millions of public servants.	1
The #1 Social Fitness App for Motivation, Inspiration, & Disco...	2
The Active Times	20
The Adventure Geezer writes about adventure travel for boomers...	9
The Affluent Lifestyle Guide	43
The Arts & Travel & Food Journalist, Podcast Personality	7
The Book Sculptor	5
The Budgetnista	2
The Candida Expert, 3rd generation chiropractor	1
The Center is the birthplace of sleep medicine and includes re...	18
The Cruise Guy®, America's most quoted cruise expert	5
The Culture-ist is an online magazine that covers conscious tr...	7
The Declutterist	1
The Dose Girls	2
The Financial Independence Coach	6
The Foodcommander is the creation of NY-based private chef and...	6
The Foot Whisperer	1
The Founder of DAREBEE	2
The Grannies on Safari	11
The Guide to the Good Life	31
The Happiness Psychiatrist, happinesspsychiatrist.com	3
The Healthy Voyager	18
The Home Defenders League is a national coalition of underwate...	1
The Hotel Tell-All	290
The Human Beast	2
The Humor Code	1
The Hunting Ground, but it is more about how far major institutions will go to protect their reputation, image and financial position.	1
The Independent Travel Lifestyles Guide for the Young, Sexy an...	47
The Insatiable Traveler	11
The Iron Palate	1
The James Jay Dudley Luce Foundation Supporting Young Global L...	5
The Larry David of Housewives. Writer, badsandy.com	3
The Leadership Whisperer	2
The Lemon Bowl	2
The Love Doctor	5
The Meloan brothers explore the intersection between science a...	2
The Modern Mompreneur | l Owner, Kidville Bethesda I YouTube H...	13
The Mom Strategist	9
The Mommyhood Mentor®	5
The National Trust for Historic Preservation protects signific...	19
The Ongoing Aftermath of the 2016 Election	1
The Perennial Plate	17
The Proposal Planner	3
The Purpose Fairy, Blogger	4
The Right Paw (aka Co CEO) at Petplan pet insurance	3
The Runcible Spoon	1
The Soaringwords lady	1
The Talking Kitchen	1
The Travel Mom, 49 Before 50	1
The UCF Forum is a weekly series of opinion columns presented ...	1
The Voice of Generation-Y	1
The Voice of Metro	4
The Whiskey Preacher	2
The WineFashionista	42
The World Wine Guys	11
The World's Premier Nature & Wildlife Travel Company	6
The WorldPost seems to have met an outstanding need. Thanks to you, one year later we have reached 28 million monthly views. We've shown that the message can catch up to the medium if we put our minds to it. (continued)	1
The aim of The WorldPost is to help bridge this growing chasm by becoming a platform where the whole world meets; a common zone where cross-pollination of ideas and perspectives from all corners of the planet can take place.	1
The best New York has to offer	2
The best answer to any question	68
The cannabis nerd	3
The contradiction is that while the world is growing more interdependent, the media is fragmenting -- re-nationalizing, re-localizing and even tribalizing. The resulting paradox is that the information age is becoming the age of non-communication across boundaries -- political, cultural and ideological.	1
The definite guide to the Caribbean	1
The definitive guide to the world’s wondrous and curious places	1
The destination for millennials to share their uninhibited tho...	1
The entire teacher workforce can now collaborate nationally on innovations in practice that address the problems they encounter in implementing a new curriculum.	1
The expert in social media and digital PR, experiencing unpara...	2
The family had sung, now they'd give gifts and sit	1
The financial voice for Baby Boomers, Millennials, and their o...	43
The first free nationwide rewards program that encourages peop...	13
The go-to guide for all things weddings	31
The go-to source for finding the best restaurants and hotels	1
The high tops were laced by the lockers with care,	1
The intense wind will knock you over if you are not careful.  Best to stand with your back to it and brace yourself as you look out and wonder how ships have navigated these shores for centuries.	1
The living, breathing travel app designed by and for travelers...	5
The luxury travel and design magazine with an irreverent attitude	3
The main reason behind this is consistency. The true way to hit our goals is by working on them every damn day.	1
The official humanitarian agency of the Catholic community in ...	1
The online authority for art news and gallery reviews	5
The only parenting resource you need	2
The problem with couples today, the typical comment goes, is that they just don't know what commitment means.	1
The questions quit when I am ill!"	1
The ultimate parenting resource from pregnancy to college	1
The ultra-popular movie is soon to be immortalized at Disney World in a new ride called Frozen Ever After. Disney released the first image of the attraction on Tuesday, in a sneak peak of what looks like a positively magical adventure:	1
The wedding magazine for traveling couples	10
The writer is the mother of 3 grown children and has recently ...	1
The youngest American to visit every country	5
TheChicSite.com, Author, Lifestyle Expert, Blogger, Public Spe...	5
TheFelderReport.com	1
TheVJ.com, Founder Current TV. Past President NY Times TV	1
Theater Writer	1
Theoretical cognitive scientist	1
Therapist	1
Therapist and Author	1
Therapist and Educator specializing in a humanistic understand...	2
Therapist, Makeover Expert and Dating & Confidence Coach at Se...	8
Therapist/Mediator/Writer	2
Therapists, Educators, Clinical Trainers, Authors and Public S...	2
There is no one else on this Earth like me.	1
They fish, hunt for pearls and sell their handcrafts to tourists. Like the local Thais, they have a calm, respectful way about them.	1
Think of them as short-term tools to help steer your health in the right direction.	1
Third-generation grocer and owner of Murray's Cheese	1
This Organic Life	1
This Week For Dinner	4
This blueprint for China's future signals the most momentous shift in direction since the death of Mao and Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening up in 1978. Not a leader to rest on the laurels of his country's remarkable success so far in rising to the top ranks of the global economy, Xi wants to leap over the "middle-income trap" in which development becomes stuck in a low-wage manufacturing export economy. To do that, he needs to avoid, in his own words, the "Thucydides trap" of conflict between China as a rising power and the U.S. as the established power so instability does not disrupt growth prospects. (continued)	1
This happened just as I was giving myself an 80th birthday party in New York.	1
This was pretty much how it went down when I was my sister's bridesmaid, except for one important detail. About three months into helping her plan the wedding, I started to feel a bit nauseous and was more tired more than usual. I peed on the stick and got two dark lines: Oh my god -- I was pregnant.	1
This week, I also made it out to Brooklyn -- to a bluegrass show, no less. Some of the women at the outdoor performance proved to have killer style, wearing funky ankle boots and sunglasses.	1
This week, The WorldPost engages this conundrum. Writing from Denmark, Flemming Rose, the Jyllands-Posten editor who commissioned cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad a decade ago that set off riots across the Muslim world, argues against "the tyranny of silence" fanatics would impose. Mehdi Hasan says he is "fed up with free speech fundamentalists" who feel they have a "duty to offend." (continued)	1
This week, the Berggruen Institute announced the launch of a philosophy and culture center that responds to this rift by connecting minds across borders through an exchange of scholars from East and West that will be hosted at prestigious universities from Cambridge and Harvard to Stanford and Tsinghua in Beijing. In order to promote foundational concepts for the future, the center will co-sponsor an ideas contest with the Aspen Institute as well as establish an annual $1 million Nobel-like prize for philosophy. (continued)	1
This weekend, Greek voters will decide in a referendum whether they will be force-fed more painful austerity, imposed by the jury of other European democracies, or, like Socrates, administer their own poison in a "no" vote that will likely push Greece out of the eurozone. Tragedy, too, such as we are witnessing today, had its origins in early Greek drama.	1
Thom Senzee is an experienced-trained journalist with 20 years...	1
Thought Leader in Field of Transformation and Leadership. Chai...	3
Thought leader; CEO, IMPAQ	3
Three-time Olympian, 2013 World Champion	1
Three-time Olympic medalist, U.S. women's hockey	1
Three-time cancer survivor and globally recognized cancer advo...	1
Thyroid cancer survivor and patient advocate	1
Time Management Coach and Author	9
Tips from the leading international healthcare, medical assist...	2
Title IX, the federal law that mandates gender equality in education, advises sexual assault cases be fully resolved within 60 days of the initial reporting. Columbia's policy goes further, stating that investigations will take no longer than 30 days and that once the investigation is over, a hearing will wrap up a case two weeks later.	1
To Build a Bridge to Abundance for All	4
To Educate, Amuse & Enrich	3
To achieve this aim, The WorldPost strives for a global viewpoint looking around, not a national perspective looking out. Along with intelligent curation of the global news and original reportage, what distinguishes us, above all, are the first person global voices of our contributors. Every week, they weigh in as events break from Havana to Beijing, from Moscow to Mexico City, Paris, New Delhi and Abuja among so many other places.	1
To feel something.	1
To keep up with the drama as it evolves over the coming weeks, we've connected WorldPost readers directly to the daily blog of Yanis Varoufakis, the self-described "erratic Marxist" who is now Greece's finance minister. Writing from Athens, HuffPost Greece Editorial Director Sophia Papaioannou says Alexis Tsipras' electoral victory will give suffering Greeks "space and time" to address their predicament. Former Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou argues that the path forward after the election is for a national referendum on a "Greek plan" for reform that will bind a now polarized nation. Rena Dourou, a deputy of the victorious Syriza party, notes that the vote was as much against the corruption of the formerly ruling political parties in Greece as it was against austerity. (continued)	1
Tobe Report	2
Tom Morris is one of the most active public philosophers in th...	4
Tom Semioli is a writer, journalist, and bassist - but not nec...	2
Tools and tips for homeowners	8
Top Influencer for PR Newswire / Cision / DIGIMIND / Synthesio...	2
Top Tech Mom	1
Top international development organization dedicated to ending...	1
Tours and activities around the world	69
Toy Insider Mom	5
Trade: Writing. Book: "Sexy Feminism" Id: Provoking progress	2
Trafficbeat Entertainment, Music Biz Vet	4
Trainer/Transformation Specialist on ABC’s 'Extreme Makeover: ...	1
Trans* advocate and activist in secular and faith communities	1
Trans-personal Psychologist-Clinical Social Worker	1
Transformation Catalyst, Author	2
Transformation Coach - Author of "Being", “Peace” and "The Dra...	12
Transformational Coach, Author, Speaker, Tour Leader	19
Transformational coach, clinical hypnotherapist, counselor	3
Transformative coach; Best-selling author	17
Transgender NonConFormist interdisciplinary artist, speaker an...	1
Transgender actress, advocate, and writer; star, 'Lexie Cannes'	2
Transgender blogger and activist	1
Transgender writer, editor and independent researcher	1
Translator, writer, blogger, French prof.	1
Transmedia and social impact producer; founder/CEO, Azure Medi...	1
Transpersonal Therapist, Educator and Researcher	1
Transport and Homeland Security Consultant; Former TSA Assista...	1
Travel & Feature Journalist	15
Travel & Lifestyle Expert, Fragrance Designer, Entrepreneur	2
Travel Author, CEO of Weekend Student Adventures	9
Travel Blogger at The-Spunky-Traveler.com	1
Travel Channel Host, Hotel Fixer, Hospitality Industry Guru	1
Travel Columnist	1
Travel Editor, WatchBoom.com	28
Travel Editor, Westchester Guardian, www.barbarabartonsloane.com	29
Travel Influencer and Educator// @oneikatraveller on IG	10
Travel Journalist based in Rome, Italy	17
Travel Journalist, Photographer	2
Travel Photographer	4
Travel Psychic, Psychic Medium, Color & Energy Expert, Author	6
Travel TV host, fashion blogger at lacarmina.com and @lacarmina	15
Travel Through a Local Lens	19
Travel Trendspotter, Culture Vulture, Idea Genie	2
Travel Writer	33
Travel Writer & Author	2
Travel Writer (at Roamaroo.com), Instagrammer (@roamaroo), On-...	3
Travel Writer / Contributing Editor, Airfare Watchdog	5
Travel Writer / Photographer	1
Travel Writer and Editor of Somewhere Luxurious	5
Travel Writer and English Teacher	1
Travel Writer, Food Writer, Photographer and Oyster Blogger	5
Travel Writer, Founder of Go Eat Give	7
Travel Writer, Videographer, Documentary Filmmaker	32
Travel Writer. Editor, Culture-ist Magazine	6
Travel and Adventure blogger at Ankionthemove.com	3
Travel and Wellness Writer/Certified Holistic Health Coach	2
Travel and lifestyle journalist	1
Travel and lifestyle writer	2
Travel and lifetstyle writer	2
Travel blogger	1
Travel blogger and writer	1
Travel blogger at TBCmikah.com - author, ‘Life’s More Fun When...	1
Travel blogger at the-shooting-star.com.	4
Travel blogger, Luxury Director Worth Magazine	3
Travel bloggers at www.wanderrlust.com	2
Travel enthusiast, charmingsardinia.com	4
Travel expert and author of 'How To Fly For Free: Practical Ti...	5
Travel expert, CSR & sustainability consultant	4
Travel expert, President of Friendly Planet Travel	12
Travel intelligence company	5
Travel journalist, airplane enthusiast and dog lover	1
Travel journalist, author, inspirational speaker, film/opera/d...	8
Travel local.	30
Travel on the Inside: GloboMaestro	2
Travel photographer	2
Travel trend expert, Orbitz.com Senior Editor	6
Travel writer	8
Travel writer and co-founder of www.classetouriste.com	1
Travel writer and editor	2
Travel writer and novelist	14
Travel writer and photographer	5
Travel writer and sketch artist	2
Travel writer based in Stockholm	1
Travel writer, author of "Travel More, Work Less"	1
Travel writer, blogger at travelcrush.org	6
Travel writer, blogger, published author, and tourism evangeli...	9
Travel writer, photographer and content producer	2
Travel writer/author & photographer	4
Travel, Luxury Lifestyle & Adventure Writer, Global Photograph...	4
Travel, cooking and food writer	90
Travel, food, beauty and design writer	9
TravelandLeisure.com	122
Traveler & adventurer at triphackr.com	6
Traveler, Teacher, Writer, Student	5
Traveler, Utrip. Body Double, Magic Mike. Shooting Coach, Step...	1
Traveler, filmmaker and co-founder, Light for Children and Wha...	1
Traveler, speaker, writer	6
Traveler, writer, photographer	2
Travelers in search of the world's 'Supergays,' blogging at Ou...	1
Traveling videographer	1
Troop Leader of Love for LeagueofAdventurousSingles.com	3
Trying to figure out life and writing out it	4
Tufts University Friedman School of Nutrition Science & Po...	1
Tufts University Nutrition Professor, Public Health Advocate, ...	1
Two-Time TEDx Speaker and Modern Workplace and Millennial Expe...	1
Two-time Beijing Olympic gold medalist, Co-founder of Athletic...	1
Two-time Caldecott medalist and avid bike rider	1
Two-time Emmy Award-Winning Correspondent, Attorney, On-Air Le...	1
Two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist	17
U.S. NEWS	1377
U.S. News & World Report Travel	72
U.S. Representative from Ohio's 10th District	1
U.S. Representative from Oregon	1
U.S. Senator from Vermont	1
U.S. bobsled team	1
U.S. delegate, G(irls)20 Summit	1
UN Secretary-General’s Special Envoy on Tuberculosis	3
UNRWA Spokesman	1
US Citizen, NYC Resident, All-Around Swell Fella	2
US Medical Director, ImmunoDiagnostics, ThermoFisher Scientifi...	1
USA TODAY Senior Small Business Columnist, best-selling author...	1
USA track & field sprinter, Olympic gold medalist and certifie...	2
USA weightlifting national level coach; Head coach, Rubber Cit...	1
USAGov	2
UnCabaret Creatrix, Writer, Comedian, Producer, Creative Consu...	1
Under-Secretary General of the United Nations; Chair, UNITAID	1
Undergraduate Film Student at Columbia University	1
Undocumented #DACA; Gender Based Violence Advocate and Writer	4
Unfortunately, it seems I am in the hate camp.	1
Unfortunately, it's a biological influence that often turns tropical sun, surf and sand into a torturous experience, at least with an SPF less than 400.	1
United Nations humanitarian aid worker	1
United States Senator serving the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania	1
University Distinguished Professor, University of Kansas	1
University student majoring in international relations	1
Unless he is stopped, the madness of Judge Hanen will lead to tragic results.	1
Urban Designer, A(n) Office / McEwen Studio	1
Urban Gerontologist/Social Worker/Consultant in Environmental,...	2
Urban Shaman and ritual expert	20
Urban mystic	10
Using Words, Art, and Media towards conscious evolution.	3
VH1's "Hollywood Exes"	3
VP Editor in Chief, Martha Stewart Living	1
VP Marketing at Converus, makers of EyeDetect, innovative solu...	8
VP Sales, AOL	1
VP for WeConnectFashion	1
VP of Content at BiggerPockets.com | Real Estate Investor	3
VP of Marketing	6
VP of Operations at ClearVoice, entrepreneur, artist manager, ...	3
VP, Inner City Broadcasting	1
Vacation rental marketplace	16
Vanity Fair is a cultural filter, sparking the global conversa...	20
Varda Meyers Epstein is a mother of 12, a sometimes performer,...	6
Vegan marathoner; Author, 'No Meat Athlete'	2
Veteran Travel Writer	5
Veteran physician and author, 'My Son and the Afterlife: Conve...	1
Veteran television producer and director	1
Veterinarian, applied animal behaviorist	2
Vice Chair and Adviser to the Founder and Chairperson of BRAC	1
Vice Chair of the United Nations Foundation and the Better Wor...	1
Vice President and Director of the Energy & Climate Program, N...	1
Vice President and National Director, AARP Driver Safety	2
Vice President at Next Generation and Senior Fellow at the Cen...	1
Vice President for External Medical Affairs, Planned Parenthoo...	2
Vice President for International Policy, Wildlife Conservation...	1
Vice President of Advocacy & Innovation, Global Fund for Women...	1
Vice President of Advocacy, World Vision	1
Vice President of Brand Advancement for Make-A-Wish	1
Vice President of Communications at World Learning	1
Vice President of Communications, InterAction	1
Vice President of Content, Verywell	8
Vice President of Marketing, First Stop Health; Author, It ...	1
Vice President of Marketing, Houzz	2
Vice President of Policy, PHI	1
Vice President of Product Strategy and Marketing, MyMove.com	5
Vice President of Strategic Communications, Echoing Green	2
Vice President of Trend Merchandising and Fashion Direction, B...	8
Vice President of the Board of Directors, San Francisco Bay Ar...	5
Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs, ITV Studios	1
Vice President, Entrepreneur and International Speaker	3
Vice President, Global Policy, IntraHealth	1
Vice President, Newmark Grubb Knight Frank’s Land & Privat...	1
Vice President, Oracle - Head of Global Social Media	2
Vice President, U.S. Health Division, Abt Associates; Emeritus...	1
Vice President, U.S. Programs, World Vision	1
Vice President, United Nations Foundation	1
Vice President, the Aspen Institute and Executive Director, As...	2
Vice president for animal research issues with The Humane Soci...	1
Vice president of family-owned bridal salon, Bridal Reflections	6
Victim/Survivor Advocate, NYT's Best Selling Author & Speaker	1
Video Blogger, FragranceTalk.com	2
Video Journalist, Filmmaker, Author	1
Video Producer	10
Video-On-Demand cable TV network dedicated to mountain-oriente...	2
Villency Design Group	1
Vintage Mixer	6
Violence Prevention Coordinator at University of California, I...	1
Visioneer • Creator • Activist	9
Visiting Assistant Professor of Art History, Wesleyan University	1
Visiting Professor of Financial Mathematics at Cornell Univers...	1
Visiting Professor of Medicine, The Hebrew University	1
Visual storyteller, producer and entrepreneur	1
Viñetista	2
Vogue	15
Voice Coach, Therapist, and Author specializing in Self-Expres...	15
Voice Over Artist, Writer, Filmmaker, Meditation Instructor, N...	1
Voices Staff Writer, The Huffington Post	3
Volunteer Services Manager, National Sept. 11 Memorial & M...	1
Voya retirement coach, ASU finance professor and author	7
W Magazine	13
WEDAWAYS Founder	15
WEDDINGS	3653
WEIRD NEWS	2777
WELLNESS	17945
WJA Power Chair of Old Testament at Southern Methodist Univers...	1
WNBA Player and Olympic Gold Medalist	1
WOMEN	3572
WORLD NEWS	3299
WORLDPOST	2578
Wake Forest Law School Professor	1
Walker, guidebook author	4
Wandering the globe, one flight at a time	1
Wanderlusters.com	2
War Correspondent	1
Wardrobe Stylist and Costume Designer, Fashion Star a...	1
Washington D.C. based food and travel writer, host, and publis...	1
Washington Post contributor, children's book author	32
Watch The Soup Wednesdays 10/9c on E! and all the time at thes...	1
Watch: Arianna, Lawrence O'Donnell Discuss The GOP's Self-Destructive Contraception Campaign (VIDEO)	1
Watchers of good TV	1
Waterkeeper Alliance	1
Watertown, MA resident	1
Wayne Maines is the proud father of identical twins, one a boy...	6
We believe fitness is a lifestyle that can lead to a longer, f...	10
We care about the fish you eat.	3
We help consumers make smarter banking and money decisions.	21
We just can't keep our mouths shut.	6
We liberate slaves and change the conditions that allow slaver...	2
We rate, educate, and advocate for kids, families, and schools.	51
We're all first-time moms. Forever.	1
Wealth Advisor	2
WealthySingleMommy.com	19
Web editor, W magazine	7
Webmaster at CodyBrotter.com	1
Wedding Jewelry Expert and Designer	2
Wedding Officiant, Communications Coach, Author	8
Wedding Officiant/Love and Romance Blogger	11
Wedding Planner	3
Wedding Planner, Grand Engagements	1
Wedding and event planner	1
Wedding folklorist, fashion historian, author and guest speake...	4
Wedding planner	1
Weight Loss and Life Coach, Personal Development Speaker, Auth...	13
Wellbeing & Media Expert, New Mama	3
Wendy Lustbader is the author of several books that have earne...	3
West Coast Entertainment Editor, TheBacklot.com	14
West Coaster living in the South. Founder of The Montgomery Gr...	1
Western Director, Sr. Atty, NRDC	2
Wharton professor and author of GIVE AND TAKE and ORIGINALS	2
What child should lose his legs because	1
What your girl crush reads online	8
Whatsworthit.com Founder & Publisher	4
Where Good Taste Meets Good Health	56
Where everyday is Black Friday	1
While the character of Tunisian society and culture has much to celebrate with its success, including just-completed peaceful elections that favored the main secular party, there is another factor: the absence of outside intervention, particularly from the West.	1
While the euro tumbles, northern and southern Europe are bitterly at odds over austerity policies and continuing high unemployment. And a newly aggressive Russia is challenging European values on its eastern frontier. (continued)	1
Whistleblower and Troll	8
WickedGoodTravelTips.com	5
Widower	3
Wife & Mom, Blogger, Advocate for Kids	1
Wife, Mom,Daughter,Sister, Aunt and Realtor	1
Wife, Mother and Blogger	1
Wife, Mother of Four, Kindergarten Assistant	1
Wife, Mother, Advocate and Caregiver	1
Wife, Mother, Runner, Writer at MyFitFamily	3
Wife, Mother, Student, Firm Administrator, Runner	1
Wife, Mother, Therapist	1
Wife, Mother, Writer, Business co-owner @ Sprinkler Media	3
Wife, mama, author, humorist.	6
Wife, mother and advocate for LGBTQ youth	1
Wife, mother, student and avid social media content creator	1
Wife. Mother. Awake. Moms Empowerment. Author.	5
Wife. Mother. Writer. Cancer thriver.	9
Willis H. Booth Professor Emeritus of Banking and Finance, UC ...	1
Windward Studios - CEO/Founder	1
Wine Director, Executive in Wine Sales & Marketing Company	6
Wine Educator	3
Wine writer and reviewer	30
Women & Parents Senior Reporter, HuffPost	1
Women of a Super High Caliber	1
Women's Health Advocate, Published Author, Founder/CEO of Eat ...	3
Women's Leadership & Inclusion Expert, Keynote Speaker, Author...	1
Women's Rights Activist	4
Women's rights advocate, Leadership Ambassador w/ Take The Lea...	3
Women's success coach, writer, speaker, and leadership trainer...	2
Words with a dash of hot and itchy	19
Words, Beats, Postures	3
Wordsmith in Chief, Prime Prose LLC	3
Wordsmith. Plus a whole lot of other stuff. But mostly wordsmith.	1
Work Life Balance Expert, Bestselling Author, Radio Host and S...	1
Work-life strategy and employee engagement expert	1
Working Mom, SVP @InkHousePR, blogger, Brit in the USA. Happie...	5
Working mother and Director, The Raben Group	1
Working with nature, not against it, to combat climate change is the message of the Leo DiCaprio-narrated short video documentary, "Restoration," we publish this week. As senior Chinese diplomat Wu Jianmin writes from Beijing, we are also learning to work together as nations through geo-environmental cooperation, as exemplified by the recent U.S.-China agreement to jointly reduce carbon gases. (continued)	1
Works in Special Events at Performa	1
Works in the New York City Mayor's Office of Long-Term Plannin...	1
World Champion Latin and Ballroom Dancer, 'Dancing With the St...	1
World Changer	2
World Economic Forum, Head of Impact Investing	1
World Expert in CBT and President of Beck Institute for Cognit...	2
World Vision is a Christian humanitarian organization conducti...	1
World champion skateboarder, father	1
World leader in adventure travel	8
World traveler, adventurer, author, and TV host	16
World travelers and storytellers at UncorneredMarket.com	1
World's Largest Travel Video Site	4
World's largest online art information service	1
World-music writer	1
World-renowned author, storyteller, vibrational healer, and si...	2
World-renowned fitness and wellness expert and creator of 'The...	1
World-renowned holistic reflexologist and life wellness coach,...	1
World-renowned photographer	1
Worlds #1 Legacy Coach, Author and Public Speaker	1
Write about health and the science of human performance. Coach...	3
Writer	465
Writer & A Seasoned Mom	3
Writer & Blogger	2
Writer & Blogger, "The Fordeville Diaries"	2
Writer & Consultant	1
Writer & Editor	3
Writer & Educator	2
Writer & Marketer	4
Writer & Producer	1
Writer & Public Media Professional	2
Writer & Television/Radio Commentator	3
Writer & blogger, @wesjanisen	1
Writer & optimist focused on the pursuit of happiness	4
Writer + Editor	1
Writer + Lifestyle Blogger	7
Writer - Wordsmith - Creator	1
Writer -- Teacher -- Speaker  markwguay.me	1
Writer / Director / Producer	1
Writer For ModCloth.com	1
Writer Near New Orleans	14
Writer and Activist	2
Writer and Author of "O Wow: Discovering Your Ultimate Orgasm"...	11
Writer and Author on Single Parenting and Health	5
Writer and Author with special interest in international issues.	2
Writer and Blogger, 'One Hungry Mama'	6
Writer and Blogger, Mama One to Three	14
Writer and Blogger, www.jessicafhinton.com	3
Writer and China specialist	1
Writer and Comedian	1
Writer and Comedian in Portland, Oregon	2
Writer and Consultant	5
Writer and Content Manager currently living in the greater Oma...	1
Writer and Cultural Commentator	3
Writer and Editor	2
Writer and Editor living in New York City	2
Writer and Educator	1
Writer and Educator. Author and Reader.	2
Writer and Novelist	1
Writer and Photographer	7
Writer and Producer, Haft Productions; Author, 'Nantucket: Por...	1
Writer and Publicist in New York City	6
Writer and Social Critic; Graduate Student, McMaster University	3
Writer and Sociologist	1
Writer and Sustainability Strategist, SustainAbility	1
Writer and Web Developer	2
Writer and Yoga Teacher	3
Writer and Yogi	1
Writer and Young Living Essential Oils Distributor	3
Writer and activist	3
Writer and activist, social media organizer	1
Writer and actress	1
Writer and adventurer	1
Writer and advocate for people with rare diseases	2
Writer and artist	1
Writer and attorney	1
Writer and author of 'Curses and Smoke: A Novel of Pompeii, th...	1
Writer and blogger	7
Writer and blogger at The Midlife Second Wife	2
Writer and blogger, GoodDayRegularPeople.com	5
Writer and blogger, Motherese	5
Writer and blogger, Oh Boy Mom	1
Writer and blogger, The Adventures of Ernie Bufflo	4
Writer and blogger, grahamscrackers.com	4
Writer and cartoonist	2
Writer and comedian	2
Writer and creator of 'Newsverse' on Newsweek.com	1
Writer and editor	12
Writer and editor in western Canada	1
Writer and editor of The Good Mother Myth: Redefining Motherho...	1
Writer and filmmaker	1
Writer and founder of breastcancerfreebies.com	1
Writer and founder of newfoodculture.com	7
Writer and interfaith minister	1
Writer and interviewer	2
Writer and life liver with boundless energy	1
Writer and meditation teacher at flamingseed.com	1
Writer and memoirist	1
Writer and mom	2
Writer and mother	11
Writer and mythologist	1
Writer and new mom	2
Writer and outdoor adventurer	1
Writer and photographer	11
Writer and photographer, devourblog.com	14
Writer and producer	1
Writer and professor of ancient history	1
Writer and publicist	4
Writer and publisher	1
Writer and publisher, www.americacomesalive.com	2
Writer and toddler-wrangler at Becoming SuperMommy	5
Writer and traveler	1
Writer at Large	2
Writer at Mama Be Good	7
Writer at Sassafrass	3
Writer at Sisterhood of the Sensible Moms with Erin Dymowski	1
Writer at thearenaupdate.com	3
Writer based in Denver, Colorado	1
Writer based in San Francisco	1
Writer behind the award-winning blog, Toulouse & Tonic,	3
Writer focused on global health and human rights	1
Writer focusing on LGBTQ topics and her experiences as a trans...	1
Writer for J5MM.com and Outdoor Enthusiast	8
Writer harvesting experience as founder of businesses, managem...	2
Writer in LA, www.kelly-bergin.com	4
Writer in Manhattan	1
Writer in Paris	1
Writer living in Eugene, Oregon	3
Writer living in Houston, TX	1
Writer living in San Salvador	1
Writer living vicariously through myself.	1
Writer of FindingJoy.net	3
Writer of Food, travel and other subjects, co-author of "Every...	1
Writer of novels, film reviews, food news, and essays on conte...	2
Writer of parenting humor, pop culture stories and thank you n...	10
Writer of words, drinker of booze, eater of food, listener of ...	21
Writer on Women's Work, Later Motherhood, Fertility Politics, ...	1
Writer on books, film and popular culture	1
Writer on music, politics, and (in)equality	1
Writer on wellness and spirituality, founder of Lyon Lifestyle	25
Writer on women's issues, human rights, environment and culture	8
Writer specializing in food and culture	9
Writer | Realtor  I MOVE PEOPLE	1
Writer ~ Speaker ~ Athlete	5
Writer, A Design So Vast	20
Writer, Actor, Filmmaker, Notary Public	7
Writer, Author	3
Writer, Author of 'Beautiful Garbage: A Novel'	1
Writer, Author, Honeybee Whisperer	7
Writer, Blogger	6
Writer, Blogger at "Let Me Start By Saying"	11
Writer, Blogger, Lightworker	2
Writer, Blogger, Regular contributor to local newpapers in Ber...	7
Writer, Blogger, World Travelling Mom	2
Writer, Blogger, theblunderyears.com	1
Writer, Bon Viveur and Damn Good Company.	5
Writer, Breast Cancer Survivor, Reiki Master, Occasional Actress	7
Writer, Britney Spears Is My Higher Power	1
Writer, Buddhist teacher, Founder of the Open Heart Project	8
Writer, Chef and Father	2
Writer, Comedian, Family-man	9
Writer, Conservation Advocate	1
Writer, Conservationist and Concerned Citizen of the Planet	1
Writer, Content Strategist	2
Writer, Creator of the blog suburbabble.com, news writer at Pa...	3
Writer, Darcy Dates & The Darcy Report	2
Writer, Designer, Lecturer	7
Writer, Director, Accidental Talmudist	1
Writer, Director, Producer, Attorney and Founder of The Farm	1
Writer, Dole Foundation Inaugural Fellow, wife of a Wounded Wa...	1
Writer, Drama Critic	15
Writer, Editor	2
Writer, Editor, Blogger	12
Writer, Editor, Blogger for Butterflydiary.com	4
Writer, Editor, GOP Political Consultant, Winemaker	3
Writer, Editor, Mom	6
Writer, Editor, Teacher	9
Writer, Editor, Traveler, Family Man	4
Writer, Editor, and Content Strategist	1
Writer, Editor, and Non-Profit President	2
Writer, Educator, Researcher	5
Writer, Entertainer and Activist	1
Writer, Event Planner, Mother	1
Writer, Filmmaker	3
Writer, Filmmaker and Philanthropist	1
Writer, Filmmaker, Eater, Wife, Mama	1
Writer, Founder, Essential Search, Inc.	4
Writer, Four Plus an Angel	1
Writer, History Professor, Retired Lieutenant Colonel (USAF)	1
Writer, Humorist, Blogger at "Hollow Tree Ventures"	1
Writer, JTM Legal	1
Writer, Jezebel	2
Writer, La Divorcee Vita	11
Writer, Lawyer, Dancer, Blogger	4
Writer, Learn with Homer and Norealplot.com	1
Writer, Learning Architect,Globetrotter, Life-long Weight Watcher	5
Writer, Martinis and Minivans	5
Writer, Mom	3
Writer, Musician	1
Writer, Novelist, Professor of Media Studies at University of ...	1
Writer, On-Air Expert, MustLoveIceCream.com	10
Writer, Optimist, Cynic and Fool. Publisher of 10Degreesabove....	1
Writer, PR specialist and native New Yorker who favors humor o...	4
Writer, Performing Artist	4
Writer, Ph.D. candidate	1
Writer, PhD Sociology Candidate, Media Strategist	1
Writer, Photographer, Lives in a Tiny House	1
Writer, Photographer, Media Strategist	1
Writer, Photographer, Mental Health Advocate, Founder of the n...	6
Writer, Photographer, Overthinker	10
Writer, Photographer, World Traveler	39
Writer, Pilates instructor, Sharerer.	1
Writer, Poet, Essayist	1
Writer, Poetry teacher	27
Writer, Political Activist	1
Writer, Producer	1
Writer, Producer, Activist	1
Writer, Producer/Host HuffPost Live Music	1
Writer, Public Speaker, Infertility & Women's Rights Advocate	1
Writer, Reader and Defender of Unicorns	1
Writer, Researcher and Editor	1
Writer, SAHM, CMO - Chief Medical Officer (of my family), Wife...	11
Writer, SXSW Comedy	2
Writer, Scholar, Activist	5
Writer, Scientist, Model, Entrepreneur.	4
Writer, Small Biz Owner, Lover of Small Moments	1
Writer, Speaker, Faith/Culture Bridgebuilder	1
Writer, Speaker, Lead Coach at Own the Room	24
Writer, Speaker, Motivator and believer in all things possible	2
Writer, Speaker, Science Gladiator, Politico	3
Writer, Speaker, Survivor	14
Writer, Student, and Dreamer	1
Writer, Teacher, Creator	2
Writer, Technologist, Music Dev	1
Writer, The Amateur Gourmet	3
Writer, The Girl Who	5
Writer, The Happiness Project	35
Writer, The Travel Word	1
Writer, The Zeros Before the One	12
Writer, Thinker, Humanitarian with an eye on local and global ...	1
Writer, Transformation Specialist, Recovering Amercian, Food L...	8
Writer, Traveler, Global Volunteer	3
Writer, Traveler, Publisher, Deliberate Journeyer at GiveLiveE...	1
Writer, Traveller	1
Writer, Truman National Security Fellow, Policy and Communicat...	1
Writer, Tutor	9
Writer, Universal Grit	3
Writer, What Women Make	1
Writer, Writing Instructor	2
Writer, Yogi, Speech Pathologist	2
Writer, Youth Worker, Lover of all things positive	1
Writer, activist and DJ	1
Writer, activist, educator and school psychologist	1
Writer, activist, mom and executive director of North Jersey P...	1
Writer, actor and corporate trainer	1
Writer, actor, '80s enthusiast.	10
Writer, analyst, life-coach	2
Writer, animator	1
Writer, artist, farmer, real-food/simple-living advocate, loca...	4
Writer, author and freelance journalist	1
Writer, author, blogger	1
Writer, author, blogger, mother	3
Writer, author, maker and co-founder of Slow Family Living	4
Writer, blogger and a bunch of other things	1
Writer, blogger and advocate	1
Writer, blogger and entrepreneur who unapologetically puts fam...	4
Writer, blogger, creative director and owner of a tiny human.	2
Writer, blogger, mother, PR guru and pickle maker (not necessa...	3
Writer, blogger, trans human rights advocate	1
Writer, blogger, video and podcast host.	2
Writer, breast cancer survivor, gender equality advocate	1
Writer, business owner, yoga teacher, dog lover, and nap taker	3
Writer, cancer survivor, and historian in training in Los Angeles	1
Writer, cartoonist performer	2
Writer, chickchainwalkingclub.com	4
Writer, columnist, broadcaster, communications consultant	5
Writer, comedian and doer of monotonous acts for meager returns	1
Writer, comedian and storyteller	1
Writer, comedian, and podcaster based in New York City.	1
Writer, committed to nuanced cultural issues, fresh bread, and...	1
Writer, consultant, archaeologist	1
Writer, contributor to Boston Globe, First We Feast, Lucky Pea...	1
Writer, cook, baker, recipe developer, comany owner	1
Writer, cookbook author, and registered dietitian	8
Writer, critic, satirist, futurist, urbanist, porkatarian.	1
Writer, designer, founder of The Forest Bathing Club	1
Writer, director, web developer, designer	1
Writer, editor and blogger	2
Writer, editor, blogger at SexyMotherFoodie.com	1
Writer, editor, cat lady	1
Writer, editor, communications coach	1
Writer, editor, essayist	2
Writer, editor, mom of three. Podcast cohost at themomhour.com	2
Writer, editor, mother of four	2
Writer, editor, puppy lover	4
Writer, editor, wanderer, founder of News Girl About Towns	2
Writer, educator, motherpacker	2
Writer, erstwhile yoga teacher and mom to two girls	1
Writer, filmmaker, and multi-media storyteller	1
Writer, filmmaker, co-founder of The Nobelity Project	1
Writer, future cautionary tale. More at timothybraun.com	2
Writer, hiker and nature enthusiast	2
Writer, host, comedian	1
Writer, humorist at the Five Kids Is A Lot of Kids blog, bethw...	8
Writer, humorist, speaker	2
Writer, journalist, and athlete living in Seattle.	5
Writer, journalist, yoga teacher	3
Writer, journalist; Author, 'L', 'Selfishness'	1
Writer, layabout and all-around nogoodnik; web publisher; form...	1
Writer, lecturer, opera administrator	2
Writer, lifestyle blog, "She Loves Nice Things"	5
Writer, magazine editor, yoga instructor, foodie	1
Writer, mama and lover of green olives	1
Writer, marketer, mother.	6
Writer, media personality, occasional standup comedian, and fo...	1
Writer, model, luxury brand ambassador	4
Writer, mom of four	1
Writer, mom of three	1
Writer, mother and partner	2
Writer, mother and sleepless lady	5
Writer, mother of four	23
Writer, mother of three	3
Writer, mother, adjunct professor, and contributor to PostBour...	1
Writer, mother, anxiety-haver	15
Writer, mother, speaker, Eating Disorder Activist	1
Writer, mother, teacher, and blogger at LeftBrainBuddha.com	4
Writer, musician, Trump Resister, food snob	2
Writer, mythologist and founder of the  Mosaic Multicultural F...	3
Writer, pastor, outdoor enthusiast	3
Writer, performance-maker and doctoral candidate in theater an...	1
Writer, performer, press flack, professional skepto-atheist, w...	1
Writer, photographer and blogger at Diapers & Daisies	2
Writer, photographer and mother of three	4
Writer, photographer, traveler, and dog lover	1
Writer, photographer, video consultant, world traveler, animal...	6
Writer, photographer, volunteer	12
Writer, pop-culture geek, gad-about-town	1
Writer, producer	1
Writer, producer, contributor	1
Writer, professor, humorist, blogger. Troublemaker.	4
Writer, publicist, activist.	1
Writer, publishing professional	4
Writer, pundit, analyst and kibitzer. For more information vis...	5
Writer, redhead, mommy (in no particular order)	1
Writer, relationship coach, artist, and single mom	2
Writer, reporter, artist	1
Writer, researcher and digital marketing expert	1
Writer, science journalist, mother and whale nerd	2
Writer, singer and musician	1
Writer, singer-songwriter, inspirational speaker	14
Writer, social media expert and mother of three boys.	1
Writer, speaker and consultant	1
Writer, speaker, life strategist and personal coach	1
Writer, speaker, soul infuser.	1
Writer, storyteller at Earthjustice, an environmental law orga...	1
Writer, storyteller, human	3
Writer, teacher and author, 'Much to Your Chagrin: A Memoir of...	2
Writer, teacher, adventurer, cancer survivor, and nap enthusiast	1
Writer, teacher, and recovering lobbyist	1
Writer, teacher, parent. Committed to work for racial justice ...	2
Writer, teacher, producer of documentary series, "Digging Detr...	2
Writer, teacher, scholar, mother	3
Writer, teacher, solo performer and actor	3
Writer, teacher, translator	1
Writer, teacher, unicorn wrangler.	2
Writer, travel author, family travel survivalist	1
Writer, travel marketing professional	1
Writer, traveler, mother, and teacher	3
Writer, traveller, dad, goon.	1
Writer, tween whisperer, toddler wrangler.	4
Writer, vodka enthusiast and future wife of Bon Iver	3
Writer, wife, and mother of toddlers	17
Writer, youth advocate and Latina, lesbian mother	1
Writer.	2
Writer. Comedian. Vagabond.	2
Writer. Creative. Amateur Philosopher.	2
Writer. Executive producer and director of new Martha's Vineya...	7
Writer. Food lover. Eats WAY too much bacon.	8
Writer. Mother. Wife. Truth-teller. Victim Advocate.	16
Writer. Presenter. Educator.	3
Writer. Producer. Artist. Entrepeneur	1
Writer. Worrier.	1
Writer/Blogger of all your fan-tastic's + Dj (Pelau) of divers...	2
Writer/Call-in Radio Talk Host/News Anchor	1
Writer/Composer "Failing Forward: The Bluesical"	1
Writer/Content Specialist, ChildFund International	1
Writer/Director	1
Writer/Editor	4
Writer/Editor/Enthusiast	1
Writer/Filmmaker	2
Writer/Podcast Host	1
Writer/Teacher	1
Writer/Television Reporter/Owner misMEDIA	1
Writer/comedian/animal activist	1
Writer/director/scholar	3
Writer/editor/music publisher	13
Writer/photographer	5
Writer; Author	1
Writer; Blogger	1
Writer; Coach; Author, 'The Ultimate Guide to Journaling'	1
Writer; comic book creator; profiled in MTV's 'World of Jenks'	1
Writer; professor of magazine journalism, Parsons and The New ...	1
Writes about Culture, Parenting and Politics	5
Writes and speaks about masculinity, wellness, next gen consum...	2
Writes on sports and politics.	1
Writes the lifestyle blog Carpool, Couture and Cocktails	1
Writing about tech, marketing, startups and other fun stuff.	5
Writing and Business Coach, Speaker, and Author of 'Being Human'	4
Writing from Beijing, Fred Hu argues that what we are witnessing is China's shift toward the "new normal" of a slower growth paradigm focused on domestic consumption instead of investment and export-led growth. He expresses confidence that his country will weather the storm, writing, "it is a loser's game to bet against China's leaders." Nobel laureate Michael Spence locates the culprit of market volatility in the flood of funds unleashed by low interest rates looking for higher returns, which has led to the gap between a financial bubble and the real economy now undergoing a correction. (continued)	1
Writing from Berlin, Alexander Gorlach analyzes what is behind rising Islamphobia in Europe.  From Paris, Le Huffington Post editorial director Anne Sinclair pays homage to the slain journalists. "Infidel" author Ayaan Hirsi Ali warns that we can't let political Islamists define the territory of insult. Akbar Ahmed looks at the long history, and present social conditions, of Muslims in Europe.	1
Writing from London, Mark Leonard argues that the contest in Europe today is not between right and left; it is a revolt of the left behind masses against the "cosmopolitan" and "metrosexual" elites. Martin Schulz, the president of the European Parliament, says in an interview that what Europe needs is "pragmatic solutions, not big debates" when resolving the Greek financial crisis. (continued)	1
Writing on global health & social accountability	1
Writing supervisor, "Saturday Night Live"	1
Wyoming Attorney, Former Journalist, Breast Cancer Survivor	1
YA author	1
Yet none of it will matter.	1
Yet, being with Mom for her last breath, was anything but awful.	1
Yoga Teacher & Bad Yogi	3
Yoga Teacher & Blogger	2
Yoga Teacher & Yoga Therapist; founder of the New School o...	3
Yoga Teacher, Addiction Recovery Expert and Founder, Recovery 2.0	5
Yoga Teacher, Somatic Therapist	7
Yoga Warrior	6
Yoga adept, master yoga teacher trainer, keynote lecturer, fou...	3
Yoga and Ultimate Wellness Expert	1
Yoga-Meditation Instructor, Author, Initiated Priestess	7
Yoga. Writing. Art. at SusannaHarwoodRubin.com	4
Yogi Provacateur, Community Innovator	6
Yolande Cadore lives in New York and is committed to building ...	1
You greet us with your steadfast glow that At-Work Mama way.	1
You're gorgeous, why mask it with bleached blonde hair and heavy lipstick?	1
YouTube Channel that features spirituality, wellness, healthy ...	16
YouTube Content Creator - Car Detailing Videos & Other DIY Stuff	1
Young Adult Cancer Caregiver	1
Young Stroke Survivor	3
Your daily source for cute, funny, informative, and heartwarmi...	28
Your fashion needs some help. We think you look best when you've just woken up in the morning: glasses, tousled hair and no makeup. 	1
Your go-to yoga guide for 40+ years. Follow us for all things ...	5
Your one-stop shop for holiday rental accommodation	4
Your online destination for turning your intention into tangib...	34
Your source for vacation inspiration, travel deals, and expert...	48
Youyoung Lee is a Senior Editor at Huffington Post	1
Yurie Yoshino: Former Miss Japan, professional dancer	1
Zahn Professor of Creativity and Innovation is also the Van De...	8
Zester Daily: The culture of food and drink.	54
Zillow.com	1
Zumba® Education Specialist	1
a partner & an artist	1
a pilgrim	1
a project manager at Alt & Witzig Engineering in Indianapolis and after more than four years with the leading engineering firm in the Midwest, Shaffer took on the role as marketing manager of Vision Builders, LLC.	1
a woman can do for her child. So when it doesn't work, we're blamed.	1
a worrisome weight	1
activist, choreographer,  speaker, and writer	1
actress and producer.	1
acupuncturist	6
affirm America’s values and tradition as a nation of immigrants," reads a letter to the president.	1
aka 'Murphy,' Freelance Writer, 'The Law According to Murphy'	12
aka CharlieTheMatchmaker	1
am -- make room for me!" And this is what the millions of young women all across the world are saying.	1
and the urge to just sing.	1
anniebuckley.com	1
are preventing surgical kits, insulin, dialysis equipment and other supplies from reaching the enclave of 400,000 people.	1
artisanalpencilsharpening.com	1
artist	3
artist and writer	3
arts & free speech advocate, writer illustrator	12
as we journey across the U.S.A.	1
author	17
author & lifestyle expert, from crafts to cocktails to parties...	34
author of "It's OK That You're Not OK"	10
author of Get Savvy: Letters to a Teenage Girl about Sex and Love	4
author of Misadventures of a Garden State Yogi	5
author of The 21st Century Economy: A Beginner’s Guide ...	1
author of ebook - MY PICKER IS BROKEN	2
author of over twenty bestselling novels in the Us and Europe	1
author of upcoming, "Take My Spouse Please: how the rules of c...	5
author, Mental Health, Inc: How Corruption, Lax Oversight, and...	1
author, TV host, social commentator, former foundation director	3
author, Travel Tales I Couldn't Put in the Guidebooks	12
author, blogger (whendidigetlikethis.com)	1
author, columnist	1
author, mother,	4
author, pub radio guy, dad of 3	6
author: Raising the Kid You Love With the Ex You Hate	2
bargain"?	1
because Fox News probably won't.	1
bestselling author of 5 novels, including The Race for Paris a...	4
blogger at The ABCD's of Cooking / podcaster at BlogTalkRadio	4
blogger at knerdy.com, photographer at kiwiphotostudio.com	3
blogger, author, advocate, educator and still NED (no evidence...	3
blogger, mamamzungu.com	8
blogmaster of Holy Bullies and Headless Monsters	1
blues preacher | content junkie | doughnut lover	28
borders.	1
but you're always a baby to me.	1
cabi Fashion Stylist, Founder of iGlowSpirit Travel Adventures...	1
calories. It's also a time that usually ends up forcing me to hit the treadmill for extra hours upon	1
chef, cookbook author, host of My Sweet & Skinny Life	23
chief executive of Carmichael Lynch	2
children's food policy writer and advocate	9
co-Founder, Screen Anthology	2
co-author of the Who Knew? book series and the website WhoKnew...	39
co-author, How Will You Measure Your Life?	1
co-creator of Nanny App™ and co-author of the comedy novel "Wh...	3
co-founder of SVRF / founder of AllThingsVR	2
cofounder of equallywed.com / author, Equally Wed: The Ultimat...	3
comedian, writer, actress	8
comic, author, columnist, cheeseburger acolyte, former margari...	10
communications and media consultant	2
communications consultant	2
composer	1
contributions and great stories from great writers	5
counselor, parenting coach, writer, educator, mother	4
creator of life legacies, author of "Your Legacy Matters" and ...	16
date back more than a century, there's one cocktail just about any bartender will know that's not even 30 years old.	1
deeply into our being.	1
digital health science wonk	1
divorce coach | author | speaker	9
employing eco-friendly practices, and utilizing sustainable, natural products.	1
entrepreneur	1
especially in the U.S. My British heritage has certainly given me an awareness of history, roots, authenticity and an appreciation to detail.	1
fantastic food and amenities, featuring everything from mixologist-crafted cocktails to reclining	1
findcreatejoy	1
food52.com	318
foodandwine.com	66
former sit-com writer, NPR commentator "Susan Says" on robinho...	1
fortunes on foreign shores. But in recent years, the tide of brain drain has been	1
founder and CEO of Napo Pharmaceuticals	1
founder of The Cosmic Coalition for Modern Evolution	4
founder www.boldtranquility.com	4
founder, Red Twist	1
founder, formulator & president, suki® skincare	5
freelance writer	6
freelance writer and co-editor, Drinking Diaries	1
freelance writer, blogger, publisher of Grandma's Briefs	1
frighteningly artificial orange-yellow "butter," new and independent cinemas are now providing	1
has become of the middle class.	1
health and slim figures of the Japanese and Chinese populations.	1
health committees and input from the appropriate health-related parties," reads the letter.	1
heidibrod@yahoo.com	1
his heart felt two things--	1
holistic nutrition consultant and entrepreneur	4
home to the first architecture, design and art publication	2
hookedontheamericandream.blogspot.com	1
hot, and happening Parisian places is for the true Francophile.	1
humor columnist and author of Lauren Takes Leave	7
humorist	1
iHeartRadio Personality	1
iLoveInns.com	23
iOS software developer, The Huffington Post	1
integrative pediatrician	5
international photographer www.theblackcatphotography.com	2
journalist and full-time traveler	3
journalist, artist, producer	1
journalist, author and event planner	13
journalist, health care advocate, physician	11
joy, anger, curiosity, disgust, surprise, sadness, fear, shame or guilt -- all serve a distinctive purpose. Even though we might like to eliminate unfavorable emotions, they serve an important role.	1
kitchen and bath design expert	1
lesfabianbrathwaite.com	2
lifestyle expert	8
like me, who just needed some help. This was a shocking reminder of what	1
made room for an equally delicious meal between bread: the artisanal sandwich.	1
made us smile in 2012.	1
make more money that way."	1
making a difference...	1
memorist Loving Mailer, Picasso's Ghost	5
mfishbein.com	2
migraine advocate, health coach, writer, speaker	4
mom, actress, writer	2
mother, blogger, comedy club owner	13
mother, stepmother, writer, runner.	4
mother, wife, writer	13
mother, writer, yogini	11
mothering, foster mothering, living a full life in spite of OC...	2
multimedia producer; blogger at ¡dpm! does	4
mutantblogger	5
my return home. Here are some tips and tricks I've learned on staying healthy and active	1
non-profit consultant, public speaker and political analyst	1
not appear to be supported by any facts,” the judge found.	1
novelist and blogger	1
nurse academic	4
of aviation than to go back and review the events of the past year. As I look at what I saw fit to write about in 2012, I appreciate the unconventional approach some airlines have taken in response to the rapid changes in the industry.	1
on the block?	1
opera singer and teacher	3
orthopedic surgeon, shoulder & knee specialist, and founder of...	5
pairs of genes.	1
physician, retired Army brigadier general, innovator/entrepeneur	1
poet. educator. founder of awQward.	1
practicing attorney and legal educator	1
priest, veteran, writer	2
producer for PBS's Antiques Roadshow is collecting and sharing the stories we discover	1
professor; writer; redhead. Editor, F. Scott Fitzgerald, I'D D...	2
psychologist, public radio producer/host KSFR 101.1fm	9
public intellectual, expert on global education and 21st centu...	2
quick and easy tips on how to make the perfect salad.	1
racially profiled.	1
reflect permanent incorrigibility" may be given a life sentence without parole, the court said.	1
reporter and author	11
research scientist at Yale School of Medicine and VA Connectic...	1
researcher and activist on global health, policy, human rights	1
retired FBI Special Agent and former Minneapolis Division lega...	1
rockgenius.com- The #1 place for rock/indie/pop lyrics and more.	1
school teacher	4
seats and chef-conceived concessions.	1
social issues.	1
son -- tall boy, eye-smile, walk on home.	1
songwriter, mother, lover and dreamer	2
soulful vegan author/advocate	7
staple to pure porcine perfection. Food & Wine editors sampled both nationally available and mail-order artisanal brands to find out which bacon is truly the best.	1
storyteller	6
successful marriage. Fighting fairly is.	1
tactics."	1
teacher at Friends' Central School	1
technology that can speed the de-carbonization of the planet.	1
than enough opportunities to get back to black with the brand value intact.	1
the George A. and Helen Dunham Cowan Professor of Cognitive Ne...	1
the bodybuilding librarian	3
their moral responsibility to solve our differences?	1
them. So why can’t we stop having meetings?	1
there is no choice, and this is my country.	1
there's nothing like a cliffside perch.	1
think tank director	1
think that could risk at least one guy's job as speaker."	1
thinker and writer	1
thisisasides.com host and founder, published author, consultan...	4
though comes the danger of going overboard when it comes to technical bells and whistles.	1
travel culture worldwide	1
travel writer	1
travel writer, doctoral candidate	3
traveler. writer. champagne drinker.	2
turning, with some of these so-called "sea turtles" making the voyage home.	1
waitbutwhy.com	2
wearethatfamily.com	4
where home happens	25
while away!	1
with no commitment to replace it.	1
writer	5
writer and author/collaborator	1
writer and clean energy developer	1
writer and editor	1
writer and tired person	24
writer, blogger, producer	4
writer, editor, blogger at Mommy, for Real	3
writer, editor, redheaded stepchild	1
writer, journalist - Milwaukee	4
writer, mother, Foreign Service spouse	1
writer, new media artist, curator, independent scholar and phy...	6
writer, performer, mother, hot dog enthusiast	3
writer, podcaster, tonibologna.com, overshareshow.com	20
writer, producer, ocean lover	2
writer, teacher, mom x4	1
writer, therapist, activist	4
writer, trial lawyer, student of human nature	1
writer, www.scottgalantymiller.com	5
writer/life coach	3
writer/producer	1
writer/professor	1
writer/recording artist/filmmaker	3
www.FEDGuides.com	11
www.LanaShlafer.com	1
www.LiveLovely.com	8
www.awolerizku.tumblr.com	1
www.bescover.com	1
www.cheshes.com	1
www.fortnighter.com	2
www.gottahaveacode.com	8
www.honestcooking.com	10
www.hungryrunnergirl.com	1
www.rebootwithjoe.com	1
www.soberjulie.com	4
www.stressipedia.com, Author of 'The Joy of Stress'	2
www.stylelikeu.com	5
www.suburbanrenegade.com	2
you should you chose to be my friend and come over to my house for dinner or sleepovers.	1
​	1
‘Freeway Frida’ finally has a home.	1
“America’s Psychologist," relationship expert	1
“Offred” camisole.	1
